if ur under 18 u have a BIG PROBLEM.
maebi that's just hu he is.
I love sex too and can't get enough of it.
go out with him once and if u liked that date then duh stay with him
ask her politely why u havent' heard from her for years.
one get divorced...duh  two, prove other lady is a stupid ho, then ur done...
The position they like the best is walking upright in the shopping mall with your money!!
!, and HEELLL NOOO, it's not wrong, do what you gotta do
YOu can have Full intercourse... if you want....
she sees you more as a friend, nothing more
YES IT IS THE FRENCH THAT EVERYONE WAS USING...BUT THIS ALSO WORKS...
But remember that dating doesnt have to mean being boyfriend girlfriend.
EVERYONE WANTS THE PERFECT GUY BUT NO ONE SEEMS TO BE   WILLING TO BE ONE.
just act as if she is one of your friends
If he says bye to you,  he was not meant to be.
but women doesnt care it so much like mens do anyway.
but i am with this other girl and i already met her parents and they really like me.
If I knew, I'd be in front of you!
Just talk to him, stop wasting time!!
If being apart makes them happy then you should be happy for them
what would be a good gift for a girl i like but she doesnt know
trust me u'll get asked out soon enough.
don't do something you would regret later.
let him be, he's not for you, he's giving you bad advice.
sorry about that... don't fall for it again... save yourself the hurt
is it a real life situation, no i don't think anything happened
well that too in the same house where he is living right now...under angelina's nose!........cool huh?
Sounds a little fishy to me...think she's got something to hide??
where a sexy outfit get yourself all pretty make him his fave dinner and then give him sex.
Sometimes you can't go home again afterall
just make sure that you are not going overboard with it.
its defenetely oxygen.without oxygen u cant live a single momment .hey nice question aurora....
girls esp--- have u ever gone out with a guy u liked but dint really know?
Oh, and do take some time to learn to use chop sticks if you already havn't.
depends if ur a guy or a girl LOL
somewhere inside yourself you are strong and that will make him weak!
Make her think you don't even think about her at all.
If you're already having sex with the guy anyway...  Best thing to do is have sex.
I can lend you a few!!
start by kissing, then start to do a little more.
both of you need freedom from the relationship to bring closure & move on.
you shoud tell her how you feel
i'd only get upset if the guy staring is ugly!
why does she want to look?
We are bad liers because ya'll men beat us to it.
People have gotten married in jail.
Shall we say, put urself in there shoes.
And              they will always be that way!
i got a labrador n luv him a lot!).
Dreams don't mean it's going to happen.
Boy, what an eye opener for me.
though it's not true, and so if she lies it's only about boys and liking her.
You don't actually have to ask her to be your girlfriend.
she likes u like a bother
only 1, the first and the last
just keep trying to find that special some one.
is it too far for u?
Well, that's how I see it anyway....
They got to be in the mood for love and let it ALL go!!!
but dont let it bother you.
what about trust when things get tough?
have someone else tell him for you.
roses are red,  violets are blue.
If you like him say yes if you dont say no
We have hormones too, you know!
lol do ya get it now?
we're both 15..i'm kinda low on the budget..and he likes chocolates..but isn't chocs too corny or sumthin?
hmmm.....If u dont know then I wont tell you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SOUNDS LIKE HE MIGHT HAVE FOUND ANOTHER WAY TO PLEASE HIMSELF
if it hurts then its to long
be yourself and see what happens
that bullshit...maybe u just got some issues with asian women...
it means that she likes you as a brother
are u tslking about time or longitude?
no not really but if you do f=get preganat your baby can be stillborn or have birthdefects
of course it's da feelings that count..
Do Not Give into Him Easy it gives him to much control to fast.
i love a man who isn't afraid to show his sensitive side.
i got to read what you got but thanks for the ideas
I married my high school sweetheart's sister.
it's best that your partner is your bestfriend
but if ur worried about it cuz there's no commitment u guys should talk first.
I dont have my g/f wait on me.
dream of me for 4 years, then hop on my boat
Dont give him sex for a while - make him go nuts!
don't go back out with her.
he wants a break, your boring him or he's haviing sex with someone else
Find someone  who wants there future with you!
this wedding is not about you, period.
/ HOPE THIS ANSWER HELP U/
I want to get back with him so bad.
Then see if he still wants to be around.
well in ur case im like ur g/f  n ur like  my husband !
Why don't you let the crapola pile up?
well... think again u don't wanna mess with a good friendship!
Even women who don't have a g-spot can find sex enjoyable.
What is he , a pimp ?
i've learned all kinds of things on here that i didn't know before.
PROTECT YOUR SELF NOW,AND GO THROUGH CHANNELS TO HAVE YOURSELF COVERED
look out your window because there i am
of course way would u ask me that question that means your 1
just curious if any gurls have any advise about havin sex for the first time...
listen to your mind and heart.
MAYBE BECAUSE YOU ARE OLDER THAN YOU TRUELY SAY... U GAVE ME NEGATIVE ANSWER HERE IS YOURS
online chat invitations are DANGEROUS  get a REAL life...
then you have to ask hey!
something unique and not ridiculously pricey?
on state and federal grants (you don't have to pay grants back).
I'm in my mid twenties and am still a virgin.
Didnt know until know but hey herre's one for ya!
Because men are so good at it we could not be compared !!
most boys try to be ignorant with girls they like.
it means they love you and want u back
Only Girls reply this question please !
i agree with exculsive...get ya s**t fixed...haha
Sex is sex, no big deal.
Only if she's twice your age.
you don't what are you doing asking a question like that?
unless they really want it as much as you do.
if you feel like he is chancers are he  is.
come to henderson north carolina there is enough of them here
earth try it i hear there are a lot of girls there!
first get drenched in the rain and tell ur man to carry u and get cozy
Ask him where does he see his life going?
try wallstreet :))..i mean stocks and all...
you never have to ask... look him in the eyes..see to his heart and soul and you will know...
TOUCHING IS SO IMPORTANT...IT HAS NO LANGUAGE BARRIERS...AND CARRIES SO MUCH WARMTH THAT IT CAN  LIFT A PERSONS SPIRIT.
then jon asked me if id be jealous if he went out with this one girl *alyssa.
how can i get paid through the internet?
it hinders u from doing fun thigns with people.
DONT WORRY YOU SHOULD GROW UP AND OUT OF THAT
better question... WHY IS HE YOUR BOYFRIEND?
depends on the size of the penis
I want to try and spice things up.
yeah... if i was trying to get out of the relationship
be loyaly and nice and friendly and sweet!
Your story  is like in TV series.
who the fuck can i answer if i don't even know if u are a boy or girl.
WE ALL CONTROL OUR OWN LIVES and unfortunately we don't practice that enough...we look outward for the answers.
try raising yourself.. he is not oblige to feed you!!
And then if you havent already, get you to a doctor!
he will get jealous and when he does tell him that you dont like how he does that too!
erkannss14@hotmail.com add me and we talk this subject later
It's cool that you like this girl.
so they'll know how many guests to expect...respondez sil vous plez.. french for please respond =p
What the hell does that mean?
Then don't go back for him.
It did in my head LOL.
I dunno HOW il get over him.
That only works in bad teen movies!
Who is more important to you??
Arent u answering ur own Q
And by all means--don't do it during your periods b/c that's just nasty.
If he won't sit with you, then you know it's just friendship.
We have had lots of in & outs.
I feel like we have so much time together to now break up would be stupid.
how im gonna handle to stop being a jealous girlfriend?
What goes on in mens head???
i need ur help with this and i guess u need a guys prespective to right?
But if you hve to ask then you already know.
Would you date a girl who was a stripper?
u'll see it's much more better
send a video of yourself having sex, it pays
why don't u just tell her the truth?
it isnt a sin = ) and you can go as far as YOU want.
Drop me an email...and if you live close enough I will take you out :-)
dump him hes oviously not interested
ask him to hang out with you, then start moving in on him and see how he responds.
need alot of answers so shoot
Sex with my hunk ( I didn't have to share him)
That you are the one and only..
Unless your best friend is suggesting this to you I say no way.
hey broo if you're not live in Miami area you better get your ass here this is the best........
call her and tell her how much you love her
this guy and i got really close this past few weeks.
are you sending him the wrong message?
Just don't tell them u are a virgin.
I luv not having 2 worry about N E body but myself.
i dont like big tits! )
thats kool dude.. i still have a long way to go.. but thanks for this 2 points.=D
That's one of the things love's all about....honesty
when he knows im not looking he will stare at a woman and check them out.
i would probably break up with him.
woman wants some challenge, not just a guy she can walk all over him.
is because nobody has done it to then so they dont know how it feels.
we are better liers than guys are...
Don't you have guys you like that you don't date?
if your not hiding things, showing her should cause fewer fights than not showing her.
My problem is, I always see others as the way I want to see them...
to get over him just play with guys
“I know he’s a jerk but he says he wants to be with me.”
dump him...your wasting your time if you stay with him
if a guy/gal can't be honest with you then forget him/her!!!!
It's just gonna remain a mystery to all!!
?I promise I won't bring my friends along!...
She knew I was there & I love her.
otherwise if you slowly appproach...her body language will let you know
it doesnt mean he doesnt love you.
crushing on a guy, and knowing he likes me too?
Ya the dark hair, dark eyes, and skin...they are rumored to have nice butts too!
Either he's really super busy or he's a PUTZS!
hang out with him a couple times and see what he is like
The waves in boracay normally dont get that big eventhough its raining...
They are just dreams you know.
and am i always going to have to struggle to make ends meet.
take it slow and you try to make it perfect.
Because there head is not on their shoulders!
no, i know jim he is.
don't ya love it when a man does that s-hit?
a dinner date in a cruise, so sweet!
if u really like him and know hes the one.dont just do it cause your horny.
If that doesn't work, talk to a friend (not about him)!
do you have a pic page or something.
Honestly, I LIKE guys that haven't been with a lot of other girls.
YOU ARE THE SCUM OF THE EARTH!!!
Just means that they aren't playing games with their sexuality.
different times for different ladies, chump
oh, um, well it depends on your relationship.
if you love others, they will love you back
he already cheated your cousin and i think he will cheat in you some other time.
trust me i am a relationship dr.
BooHoo for me because I still think of him.
or just pretend he isnt there.
Nope, but who is really happy anyway?
it's easy to say yes, but i have a feeling it would be tough to do.
u don't need to worry about that.
There is no way that that's the problem.
doesn't mean he's puttin' the moves on elsewhere but I would be suspicious !
well do not show off that is a turn off and will give the impression ur cocky.
Realize mom and dad are happy being apart.
So how do I get it to come out again?
your a guy love is a very wierd thing.
Or whatever, he's a dumb guy anyway!
if it doesnt mean anything then y is she goin out w/ another gurl ?
Please ,don't do this,you deserve nmore.You can  but don't.
Asian women are like the women of old.
Just let her know that it bothers you if she does not stop RUN!!!
i will say wait till she's ready to wear a bra.
I prefer a friend to whom I can talk!
make him think u have intrest in his best-friend
Send your ex a nice Valentines day gift.
it ain't over till the fat lady sings!
click on my avatar and check out my questions ...they r like identicle!!
Don't say that because most guys arent stupid.
You're making me feel like I just had two Benadryl...
and does it matter if your shy?
And if I got my ass dumped for it, I'd deserve it.
doesnt mean he doesnt care about you.
most bad kissers are bad kissers cuz they dont even know they are.
heck no move one, been there done that sheet.
if u dont doubt him anymore..  ur instincts r always d best sign
dark hair, dark eyes, olive skin
if he is hot and you really like him, i would but that's my opinion know you decide
I only care who she is now.
To risky if you ask me(which you just did).
when the ache from the love consumes perhpas...
Just hit me up and we'll talk about this one.
Guaranteed there is someone who likes her that she's missing because she's obsessed with this other guy.
I am not sure but if you find mine, let me know cause I want it back.
they dont want to be your friend anymore?
no dear its not a good idea untill and unless u get a perfect partner
Did you ask him what lead him to cheat?
that is just too much skin for me!!!!!!!
Wait, even now all thier stuff is bullshit.
Then u distract her and bail out!
Invite him for a dinner or movie!
Love them because God loved you first.........
SO YOU CAN LEAN FROM IT
the same reason most women are stupid!
LEARN HOW TO SPELL CANT UNDERSTAND YOUR QUESTION
find someone better, someone you deserve.
im not sure but you have to be careful.
it's not all about how long, it's about how long and how thick!
try a card if you cant just say i love you
or that he would like to see you wear, and then go back and buy it.
dont force it because you might make a mistake.
Why should she miss anyone who in the first place wasnt hers?
no, because my breast to big
I see it online everywhere.. i was just wondering
not very sexy if you ask me.
talk this one out girl before you make a bigger mistake...
Just come in front of her and tell her that you are the man of her dreams!
well how old are u and i would like to be ur friend
Yes get out of there quick
they just think differantly than you.
Just move on with your life and find someone else.
i think you got a boyfriend.
the one i had with your mom.
do any other girls feel the same..?
Don't you really mean, how many minutes into the first date????
i like him but i don't know if he likes me.
sometimes it dosnt matter if you no how to use it.
what kind of friend are you looking for?
how much does your balls sweat?
but lately he avoids me & wont even talk to me.
Dance for him with something sexy!
i like girls with nice personalities
I like school teachers...but I'm not one.
but sometimes he acts like he still does.
depends how far you would let me go...
he obviously is trying to hit another girl so i would back off.
And have a happy Valentines Day!
Always happy...waking up this morning...at work now.
Have I told... you lately that your cuuuuuuuuuuuutee!
keep your head high and dont give up hope if things dont work out!
There are some good country boys out there that would love to have a good country girl!!)
Ask her out on a casual date.
and DO NOT  encourage your girlfriend to become a stirpper.
because that description surely screams FLIRTING!!!!!!
yeah my boyriend is crazy abou my toes!
If you love someone then you sacrifice being with other people.
Good luck and have a nice day!
When I had sex with a guy who worked like a machine.
Do he still like me r is he playing games
if you love someone it's because who the are not because the color of their skin
There isnt supposed to be any false love...so I guess true love is just a euphemism
If you only want your ex then leave the rest alone.
Theres no need to keep playin games.
ur probably so d*mn ugly he has no choice but to look.
just tlak to her ask her out to dinner or something like that.
If she likes you - great.
Come on yaar its ok now.
Just be like Hey Lets Kick It Some Time!
First of all dont call then stupid and ugly because they like u.
Maybe he thinks its your fault that u have a baby.
You can't really tell that soon, I don't think.
If she is getting jealous then their must be a reason why.
He needs to see what it's like firsthand.
find me for alot of fun!
no but he see u more bitful at night cuz ur father is sleeping lol
I bet you are a beautiful person and should not be gealous of it...go out there and have fun!
Don't let these girls lie to you!
a question that left you busting up laughing
YOU ARE TRUELY A SAD CASE!!!!!!
and you can even tell him why if he ask.
What if the people were guys?
Girl, it's not going to last, go out and have fun!
no, don't ask him, instead push his buttons so that he asks you out.
maybe because you are differant than every one else!
best way is LOOK STRAIGHT INTO HIS EYES and u will get the answer
Besides... do we really want our moms to be liars?
TELL HIM IN HIS LOVE LANGUAGE (WE ALL HAVE OURS)  Find out his love language and speak it.
Do you really want to spend the rest of you life with someone like that.
Everytime I talk about it he says I am pushing him.
i would think that he is having sex with someone eles.
SOMETIMES I COME BACK TO MY HOMETOWN TO GET AWAY WHICH IS ACROSS COUNTRY TO WHERE HE IS.
remember that this guy needs to help pay for your expenses, too.
lol   you juos laugh out loud and you should feel better
He is a guy what do you expect
could be, it sounds like he like he likes being around you... you never know!
y does the skin color matter??
Get over yourself and go to that wedding!
My e-mail is jakb6hsm@yahoo.com  I like new friends
if a black man breaks into my house is it fair to say most black people are criminals!
Don't be a wimpy, winey, wuss.
I like the woman to be loud though!
If he has money and isnt a kreep stay!
cheat on you then write a note.
If you ask him I dont think he would lie to you.
Have a good life, don't let him way you down.
the guy you are talking to is a psychopath, a control freak.
So that next day I went with my boyfriend out to eat to the place we were going to.
But there is no guys in this town (worth dating)!
I want her, to want me....
You shouldnt think that because then everyone will think u are stupid( like me.)
Did his boss give him a hard time...?
and she just has this constant fear.
Beautiful girls can be found everywhere, just look around you!!
because distance makes lies harder to hide.
here i expect he will go to jail even though you say it was mutual.
by the way, all those commercials saying, condoms don't always protect, well, something is better than nothing!!
if its a different one each week i doubt it... but check the signs: eye contack and flirting
should i break up with her or go with it and trust that she really loves me ?
Dont ever go to places that u used to hang out.
SHOULD I GO BACK OR STAY HOME?
But dont feel  bad or hurt if he tries to put you down,Life is long.
Yea u love him but u wanna risk him gettin sumthin an bringin it back ta u?
Most guys aren't really stupid, you're just meeting the wrong people.
I think its a big myth that guys are just big, retarded sex fiends.
EVEN THOUGH IT'S OKAY, YOUR PARTNER NEED NOT KNOW EVERYTHING YOU THINK ABOUT.
Unless it was a good dream, of course.
If he want to just be friends , it's best to move on.
WHAT COMES AORUND GOES AROUND SWEETHEART.
Depends on the man OF COURSE!
it's very easy just buy him a flower and say that you love him
Say Adios to her, life is waaaayyyyy too short!
u know we do it too!
The boy is 14-16 years old and he likes me.
But if you decide to go for it....HAVE FUN!
theres not much you can do if a guy does not want a relationship w you.
do things that makes you happy.
It depends on the girl i guess, but i lie all the time and people really buy it :)
the best town is ur imagination because if thats all you want you will never get anything
its not good to date them all
Ever heard of a pajama party????
Guys do like it when girls can spell (or at least aren't too lazy to look words up).
riza if you dont know why, then why answer for all you know its some creep
I've been there it the place is really great...
As for the guy just try to ignore him and eventually it will be forgotten!
but to answer your question no there is no way to understand men.
Just wanting to meet friends in Amsterdam
she act like she doesnt like so what should i do date here or leave her alone
you try to take it slow, no guy like to hear that he is a bad kisser.
That is like asking if love ever existed... Not everyone is bad.
!are you some kind of schizoprinia?
what do you like bieng asked?
Do crazy stuff like cover yourselves in whipped cream or something tasty.
dont jsut wait for something good to happen.
like he is really cute then what do you do then
threaten him by saing ur going to call the police if he doesnt pay child support!
even if they laugh at the time.
I'm not sure what to do
first and formost, for him just to say so shows the kind of man he really is.
if its because you like someone else- say that.
they are unwise and mean and they are gonna have to learn the hard way.
makes 4 quick access i guess?
He got waaaay too many girl friends help me im confused!!
i say right on to being a virgin it is a really big sin to not be a virgin.
you can stop trying to control her life?
why would a guy want to go out with an frigid ice princess such as yourself.
i'm just trying to avoid any quarrels... she gets jealous pretty easily!
Some men are scared of marige, and stuff so a good talk might help!
So men, why would you or wouldnt you date a virgin?
Because when they think their head hurts because they have no brain!And   boys are just  boys!
Why so many men dream about living with an asian girl.
But i guess it really depends on if you want an emotinal attatchment.
close your eyes and do your thing
Once a cheat, always a cheat...
talk to me-- you can't be that lonely !!
Anger makes you say YOU CAN'T HURT ME ANYMORE!
Because, in all honesty, that is SO sexy just in itself.
get with somone more in tune with your maturity level
I would not be attracted to her in the first place
its healthy and natural,but if you dont becareful you can get some nasty viruses!
And take a good look in the mirror.
he got what he wanted... he is done with you.
most guys, as you probably know, are horny all of the time.
I would also question how much of a friend is your best friend??????
If you're considering taking him back DON'T.
Send him a message from ur mobile!
god moves in many ways ?
when u r at least 16
He loves you for being HIS only!
omg i had the same problem look at the awnsers i got.
And your time and YOUR life!
he'll understand and think nothing of it.
Hope that helps (if even a little).
Please try to remember this: The leading cause of DIVORCE is GETTING MARRIED!!
If he is unwilling to lick it then don't let him stick it.
i wish then you would have no problem getin laid(@)(@)
yeah... i did that and it SUCKED!
You just cannot force yourself on anyone or you will not have anyone.
If you are not growing and having fun, then the relationship is DEAD.
I also have that problem but if your nice in bed, I'm pretty sure she won't even notice.
get her things that actually mean something.
Depends on how old are you
Having younger friends will help make up think & feel younger =)
say back off bitch i hate u
I don't think the hubby desearved to have it!
you get in life what you pay for.
Yeah its possible...it happens a lot to me
No, I'm a girl, I only think about sex if I'm realy in love of some guy
If he's cheating then kick him to the curb.
And think of this if you think of NOTHING else...S-T-D's he may bring one home to you!
no there is no way that girls will EVER understand guys.
Party it up while your young.
i heard your geting married, when it is ?
Try some honesty, it works for me
Him asking you out is up to him, you blew it.
but i absolutely love italian women!
still trying to figure that one out myself
If she's really, really ugly, then yes - not having sex is very beneficial.
why their more exciting sports are the ones with a lot of contact?
once you have moved on then you wont care if he moves on or not.
first of all, that's not typical of a guy.
but most woman talk about it for sure, there are noveltie parties with sex toys.
except that didn't end too great... :(
think about it before that way you wont get tunge tied
do it when you are married
she does it again, shame on you.
okay so about 3 months ago this all started with flirting.
go out with ur ld friends to meet other new friends.
He will accidently run into u out & about.
if she is aromantic, get her some flowers and chocolate eventhough valentines day is over.
I don't know about you but I don't like the bad boy type.
(sung as off key as possible)  silly songs are the way to go!
Maybe even try to hook him up with a friend!
I found someone at a strip club whom I married.
but I may whant it more then guys.
they actually have younger brains than we do.
him nd i met through a friend(his bro.)
you should think it through very good.
Yes there are, I am not one of them.
hello how are you?what you neam?i just want friend in  amsterdam please send to me sincarely shaba
I'm not a prude at all, i love oral sex, porn, i'm good looking.
just like most of the time guys dont understand girls.
Your bestfriend is not a friend if he had sex with your girl.
i dunno.. maybe i'm just not born 2 lie 2 much.
The least she could say is no.
I think about sex non-stop, and even more than all of my guy friends.
it feels bad and sad ok bye
is sad how some people are..
listen to the song baby baby stay gone by jimmy wayne.
I dont even talk to other guys.
If that doesnt work I dont know what to tell you because it works for me sometimes
If she already has a guy then you just have to set your sights elsewhere.
You back up everything you say to her it's pretty simple
if it doesnt fit in the mouth
ask him if he likes your kids if he dont thin brack up beceas family comes 1st.
U can tell by the way they look at u and the way the person talks 2 u
i have been to a few.
Not all gals, but some do.
i would stop calling and see if he misses you and calls you!
ur future is not bright it;ll leads u to death.
What are indications of a man flirting?
WHY SHOULD U KILL THAT INNOCENT BABy
your guess is as good as mine.
well mine is 8 to 9 inchs
Remember bill gates was probably dateless and considered ugly and stupid and look at him now.
strike 1, he no like kids.
Best friends always come before girls.
A girl who loves him and cares about him.
don't run he is just talking.
keep that, you may find he is a really cool guy and want to stay friends
If this guy says no he won't help.
ignore it when people start rumors.
If you find out how let me know.GOOD LUCK
No,  I am not soft, just trying to be fair.
Dude, I hate to say it but she was cheating on you with this guy before you broke up.
i invited her over and we went inside my room and i shut the door lol.
Theres this hella hot guy in my neighberhood.
i am a gemini actually but honestly spiking i dnt bliv in horoscopes.
it's the only thing real serious ladies are serious about.
instead of a girl u should get a guy for your own likings
But i enjoy necking and even a little caressing.
And I don't really think too much about it.
Don't say to much stuff.Say hi!!
hold your head up and smile.
All I can say is Don't Look Back.
is it ok for me to have sex with my gf?
If you have a baby then the baby has a daddy.
i went to clubs and that was just for a fun night.
So thats ur answer yes they say that wont cheat....
would have sex with more than one guy at once?
personally i dont think that that is useful.
what if you're interested in a lady, but not sure if she is in you?
when your boyfriend dose not im u or call u for 3 weeks what would u do
but if you have to ask you are probably too young or immature to really get married.
yes because almost all men are like that
Its all up to you.Just dont look too hard.
it does not mean good things for you as far as dating her goes.
My guy friends all say confidnece (not arrogance though) is sexy.
well, emmm... maybe you can call her or work really hard to earn some money and buy a car??
Sleep with his brother, or best friend.
Or you could spred rumors about her where ever you are.
Don't send an IM that says ASL?
im telling you this from personal experience.
but woman do talk about it alot!
she did it once, shame on her.
it can even help your relationship
SO SPILL THE BEANS AND LET IT FALL WHERE IT LANDS.
i saw them last year they were great etc
do you really want someone that doesn't know what he wants?
Let her try on a sports bra.
tell her that you love her and try to find money,,,,,,
(you all know you were thinking it!!)
I don't know you to love you!
stop having sex with him which you should not be doing in the first place....
you get bored easily when with him/her.
You know your man, if you trust him don't worry.
You know what you should do.
ask him about it, if he denies it, and u no he is cheating, dump him
If he/she really made u happy u would be glad to sayback off not flirt.
Oh, and as good as it may sound, dont do anything for Valentines Day!
the gay guys love listening to them.
if he did call it was atleast once a week.
most guys arent stupid, u just associate with the stupid ones
I would say that is not okay because just because hes a guy doesnt mean that its right!!
My wife said it just depends on her mood at the time
Well if u are really lookin for advice... Don't do it...
First of all don't do anything that you don't want to.
Is it coz he doesnt trust me?
YOU ARE YOUNG ....YOU NEED TO TALK TO YOUR MOM ABOUT THAT...
Sorry its always gona be aucword and kinda weiro ish.
i just want some good love songs to listen to i know it's kind of sappy but whatever
Divorce is not something that kids like.
tell her there's something you've been wanting to tell her.
I can't believe he is telling you.
I believe being with someone is the best!
and this is the first time I ever had to do anything like this for anyone..PLEASE HELP ME!
Keep it that way no matter how mad she gets.
that's a stupid question to ask, if you don't know you never will.
i dont live there so couldnt tell ya sorry
ask her why she in the relationship and how she feel about you
I like it from the back!!!!!!!!
they like it up on top or bent over bow-wow style!
follow ur heart...wat feels rite 2 u?
Don't let some other girl get a chance with your crush.
love without sex and sex after marriage is best
If I can't stop thinking about the guy I like, I just focus hard on my work or read.
good question i'm a girl so us girls  will never know!
that has 2 be the worst thing to do to your friend roght now!
you dont like him, you like his friend,why not tell him?
Hope you get some new friens soon...
unfortunately if you have to ask, probably.
are u wanting to get married?
Sex is Like Air & Water.
Don't give him too many chances.
well... if you like her guess it is ok.
I know he loves me even more because I was still a virgin on our wedding night!
But I would not agree that girls should attack first!
Depends on if you are a girl too or not.
As a guy, I know that many...no....the majority of guys are in relationships for there own personal gain..
try this, did this person have sex with their spouse before they got married?
is that a question for a guy?
Try looking someplace besides the losers section.
give him a chance and some time to get to know your children.
well it depends..   how old r u & how old is ur mom???
if you are even asking this question, i think you are probably too young to be getting married.
wait and see what she has to say.
ease into it, don't just jump on him.
It is called, He's just not that into you.
I can tell ya one thing if you cheated on her Goddess help you soul!
you have to be confident flirt with us a lil but be sweet too.
don't have sex w/ him and see what he does...haha great advice i know!
but i really really like him
if u agree with him no prob but wot do u feel?
Most of all - HAVE FUN!
However, that doesn't mean it's over.
I know he wouldn't want me to either!
they don't have to be christian to cheat the women do it too.
Iam Sure They Think The Same Thing About Girls.
to show sumone actions or phrases in like of that person
If he did, he wouldn't cheat.
but we never got together, because i was with his best friend *matt.
As long as he really doesnt know the chicks it wont matter...
And you should be very respectable about it to.
ok he is 14-16 and you are how old??
I CAN'T BELIEVE I WASTED YEARS OF MY LIFE BEING WITH TRASH LIKE YOU!!
i'm just looking to spice things up in my room...what should i try?
but that takes time to develope.
honey just come right out and tell him about the phone call.
You said it yourself hes in love with another lady!
i would hit it even if she was still dripping from his sex
my friends can't stand him and constantly picks on him.
and let your personality shine through and dont be fake, girls can sense that.
thats funny u asked that cuz i kinda felt like that about a girl once, cant really explain why.
get used to guys that just want to use you.
It's Fate that does that :)
my moms friend willy lives there...find ppl on myspace...theres tons of ppl from everywhere
grab a male who you never met and have sex or get married right at that moment.
a picnic lunch in a beatiful, quiet, private setting.
wanna be careful you don't end up in that hostel..
if its something you enjoy then whats wrong with that?
when you want to give him a bear hug everytime you see him
everything reminds me of him and wat used to be.
Its So natural, why make issue out it?
i just broke up with my gf but its harder to get another one can u help me
Did he do it on purpose???
i was thinking about how to kiss her next time:)
but this girl i really do love.
As long as she isn't thier boss.
A not circumcised penis is pretty nasty!!!!
from my on experince it depend's on the both of you.
....if she doesn't like you enough to remain only with you, it's not worth it.
i'm 13 years old and 5'10.
have a fun and interessing honeymoon!
my bf notices so many girls when hes driving and he tries not to make it obvious.
I hate those kind so remember money can buy lots of things apart from class, style and grace
DONT TAKE ACTION, CUZ SHE'LLGET HERS EVENTUALLY.
Oh, and if guys knew u said that nobody would like u, just so u know.
life is like that, everyone hurting each other.
I lost my virginity at the age of 17, I honestly didn't know what the hype was all about.
Just ask him if he would mind if you sent such pics.
no but you should take care of it before you try to get preganant
If he says its nothing, tell him you're not stupid.
Did you not say for better or worse.
Anytime he says Come here  , there you go right behind him.
To my Bestsest friend (x infinity 2) your friend forever I LIKE CEREAL ^-^
A BABY CAN'T DECIDE IF IT WANTS TO LIVE OR DIE.
It makes me feel good about myself when other guys hit on me and flirt with me.
One said, I can't leave my kids, the other said, why do you want to have coffee with me!
where is he working.. how many hours... ask him.
18 i think no need to rush though.
Some guys really dont like any playing with their bums.
Women are a mystery, and we like it that way!!!!!!!!
however i really do love her.
i don't think he doesn't trust you.
I like this one guy who used 2 be in my class.
I just like to get some advice.
Isn't it torture for one and ego for the other ...
tell them you love them, and see if they tell you back
that's who we r it's in r blood and there is nothing u can do
Im soooooooooooo loud we got complaints from our neighbors... no joke
well one day i sat him down and told him i liked him.
Be blunt... Hey, you guys going to let me in on the conversation or what?
he will defnetly get it at one point
if this boy like you you should go with him.
pick me but be a little more specific on type or stereo i mean age counts too!
no one can control their dream.
Haven't you seen the Paris Hilton video YET?!!?!
Trust me, guys don't know what's best for a girl.
Go out with one of his friends and see how he takes it...
she says that it doesnt mean anything and that is every guy's dream.
Or hang out with best buddies, take your mind off of him, have fun, girl.
i cant answer that coz i havent experienced it..  but i think its possible
I think she just wants to come to America like everyone else...but thats just me...peaceout !
He probably thinks it's a good thing.
the admiration s not enough reason to kiss
and crying is ok....but talking is more productive.
Knocked up girls lose intrest that way.
talk to the guy and figure out wut made him act like such a jerk
Would I date a stripper, probably not.
you no longer want to see his/her face.
He didn't care if he knew!!!
some guy was following me in a store and said i never liked levi's jeans until now, i ran.
they used to be best friends, but now they arent.
I want to be myself but not scare her away, what should i do?
it sounds like you're more hung up on virginity than most guys would be.
just tell him without having sex with him and you won't come over being cheap!
she never got over you the first time...
y do u marry him when he's quiet and noe u want him to talk to u?
Be young - have fun... Don't take life so seriously.
sorry but no, get a job
No if your over 40 you might as well be 80
i dont like to hurt anyone.
no, he just likes to talk to you
Your 3 year already has a daddy
All i really want is my ex to realize that i only want him.
Find some Barry White stuff, it works.
you could find the most beatiful natural blonde and tall girl in this world but she wouldn't be smart!!
Looking back, I am not really sure why I did it!
maybe cause u sound so sorry
be honest... ask him what he thinks... its a good way to start dont you think?
i kind of ruined jons friendship with matt.
It probably wasn't the brightest thing for him to tell you, but I wouldn't worry about it.
i like this one guy *jon & he used to like me too.
and to top it all off, i didn't get to come, cuz that headboard thing lost the whole mood.
I'd give you 100pts for that one!!!!
they have lots of great suggestions on there.
start talking about kids around your parents
Um...I didn't...I let the man come to me and ask me out!
I found out my gf was really a boy.
she knows she has to move on but she can't....any ideas that might help her out?
you just answered your own question.
CAUSE THEY THINK THERYRE POPULAR AND HOTT AND THEY JUST ARE WHEN IT COMES TO DATING
for the majority it is quiet unless it is super goooooooooooood then i will be loud
some are 'snugglers', some are not.
Don't be dumb like I have been.
But I'm not the one who did anything wrong.I love him so much what should I do?
and i say this because its true.....Its not the only thing.
jon & i used to be really close & talk all the time about anything & everything.
or he tells you he doesn't wanto do it rigth now?
Then i started smoking and drnking.
Why waste your time on someone that would disrespect you in that way?
IF GURLS DONT LIKE U FOR THAT they HAVE PROBLEMS
can't he get a girl to share hers with him?
my advise: dont go out with a stranger.
Be honest ....with him, and yourself,do you really want him back?
go to iraq and keep in touch.
at times i think only sex.
when a girl likes u, u should be able to kno HELP ME GIRLS!!!
They Just want to be loved
a compromise position is to refuse to hang out with her when she's been drinking.
But he tells me that they dont mean anything to him.
MOVE ON girl@ go have fun!
I think you just lust for him.
Also tell him you had a bad experience with another guy that tried some stuff and made you mad.
No, seriously..  DON'T get him another dog!
for me a girl beein mature!
Was I not attractive to him that night?
he doesn't love you, break up with him and don't even listen to his excuses!
i'd work with him some more.
Believe me, sweetheart, people are not always who they first appear to be.
you cant stop it..its like a reflex and we are just prone to do it.
I for one dislike fake boobs.
that's how life works... there will always be ups and downs in your life... just accept it.
YOU HAVE TO TAKE A STAND.
But your bf isn't you bf.
i started likin some1 i didnt before when they asked me out so just ask.
Can I get custody even though he has been a stay at home dad?
men want ladies out in public, and sluts at home in the bedroom.
Give him a bl*w job once in a while.
Maybe a hot bath for both of you!
Go intoroduce yourself, smile, be nice to her...
are u matuer enough to handle a serious relationship?
when women get togeather thats one of the main toppics.
Odds are you wouldn't get married anyway so find someone new!
because we make them nervous and their brains jus go out the window!
BECUASE THEY USUALLY JUST LIKE TO MAKE YOU FEEL BAD.
and they are more romantic.. that what i think..
you are too young and too many things can go wrong.
Theres a reason why dis happened So jus be patient...evry cloud has a silver lining *Hugs*
Remember, just because a guy knows your involved, doesnt mean he wont try anyway.
i wouldnt even loose 5 seconds on a girls thts a MAJOR hotty and still STUPID!
yes it is beneficial to not have sex.
A guy too tired for sex?
youare no old in fact you need to do things that you like doing ?
well if you wanna meet some hot mama citas i would go to the library or maybe walmart.
in the meanwhile continue to flirt, care or adore him and better still know him!!
don't let him see you down.
yes...if its a male friend he already likes u, just so u know...
Honey, trust me I am a guy.
tell him you don't want to marrie him and if he keeps it up run
do you prefer circumcised or foreskin and why
So the next day I e-mail one of them and she said she didnt want to be my friend.
How do i get out of it?
no, that makes u the girl of my dreams!!!
we get to know eachother better
believe that you will find your true love someday... just have faith...
Once a cheater always a cheater!
We fall for girls of all shapes and sizes.....EVERY guy is Defferent
of course.. just tell him everything you know
pretend to be a girl looking for a NSA relationship and IM him..:P
and he thought I enjoyed myself.
she tells me that she really loves me.
Count me in for that :)
only if u guyz r best friends
He didn't love you, know how I know?
your charming smile baby, which costs nothing
dont care about them just leave them cz trust me u wont get anywhere with these people
sex with love of course... you have to love that person you are making love with... it`s really important...
when i catch him staring at a woman he denies it and yells at me.
Don't let a man walk all over you.
Jesus - why not POKE every man's EYES OUT?
it means that u've got a new little sister!
I am 26 and I waited until I was married to have sex.
yes its ok, everyone is attracted to other people.
Do guys even think that is cute/sexy?
2.If a guy cheats you are hanging out with the wrong men.
so you like a lesbian and your not a lesbian that makes no sense what so ever
but now he ignores me again.
buy her a rose bouquet for v-day and ask her out.
IM me now on yahoo messenger using my ID :pao_sky2000
Get lost  i need two points sry i am being a b****     not
i've got this friend and she's going gaga over this guy who doesn't like her back.
you dont want to lose him as a friend.
get some cool electronics out of the deal.
start showin him more lovin attention!
may god and your fellow soldiers preserve you
but you aren't really asking anything here.....
most will if they get the chance but your not married so .............its about 99% i think
i agree with rockhead  don't tell anyone
you should have sex when you're horny.
you get even by becoming a better person then you were before you met her.
2. my 1st time (& last) time having sex while watching telivision.
u cant get married in jail
why don't you just email him your question?
because most of them are horny assholes that can't get any.
LOOK AROUND YOU EVERYONE IS BEAUTIFUL
see how it goes from there
u are surfing the net..yahoo answers obviously!
i dunno..i just know that i just gained 2pts.
Dump him, just because you love him ...doesn't mean he love you.
because pain is pleaser, & when one bleeds it's like an orgasm!
no, but that is because guys have different horomones than girls do.
ha ha that stuff is all true thats how i get sometimes...
I wouldn't take it that seriously, it's only a dream.
That means you can have your cake and eat it too!!!!
it's time to move on...maybe it hurts but that's life.
Dont hurt him but dont hurt yourself either...
it's just the way of life
We're not talking about flirting as in playing dumb.
when my girlfriend bit my cock off and ate it
you tend to love the person more when you have sex
SO theres a lot more out there then what is happening right now.
u can hold a 12hr coversation witha boy just talking about himself.
1. marriage is not a joke!
if you like him go out with him why the hek do you have to ask  here?
i never thought i would get asked out but i did.
If i like a guy i ask him out before another girl out him out.
hahahaha yeaah right like I am going to post that kind of personal info
Sounds like a break up to me........
MY BOYFRIEND OF ALITTLE OVER A YEAR NOW HAS CONTINUED TO LIE TO ME THROUGHOUT OUR RELATIONSHIP.
its the same reason mine is.
yup..as long as he love you den its not a problem anymore..loves doent mean money..dun judge it by money
she will always be there 4 you ,care about you
I fell to my knees, I won't ever forget that weird moment.
but she doesnt trust me cause ive said similar things to both of them.
I garantee that all the girls that think they think about sex a lot have no effin idea.
Just be original.That's all you gotta do.
if your in a relationship with one, you better think it over  if she is worth all the pain.
Why don't you get a job, and then you'll have money of your own.
because they are to in love and they think that theres hope
oooh....thats a tough one....just go out with her friend then shell want you
Is sex soooooo good that people are willing to risk so much??
Best revenge: move on with your life and forget that the cheater ever existed.
It's like your happy most of the time and you're always glowing.
(careful if hes a non-understanding homosapien)
becaue my train of thought ran off the track and bumped all other men's off to
YOU CANT AND I WOULD BE DISRESPECTFUL TO THE MINISTER
if it hurts, and the woman can't take it, it's way to long.
I think it's time to for you to move on...
got a good cast iron skillet?
Any man who doesnt like kids is  a coward to responsibility !!
Dat was bad....... never again TV will be on during Sex.
tell her if she loved you she would come over and fuck your brains out and swallow your kids
if you can't take it to be his friend then leave him alone
you feel the best feeling uve ever felt in your whole life
but only when theyare in the mood or if you spice the moment.
and what does it stands for?
If you can (and its about love), its probably good.
not all guys it depends on the guy.
yes it is but are you in love?
because red is blody color but we sey blue is LOVE
they end up thinking you`re a total bastard.
As long as that person  says it's OK.
especially if your used to having sex on a regular basis.
Or maybe someone is trying to break you guys apart.
Having sex with a guy who was toooooo smallllll!!!
what's so shameful sex is freakin' awesome!
I cant stop thinking about him.
OLD man says:hey baby,wanna see me change my teeth.
that's more exciting u know.shyness sucks.
Don't spend a lot of money.
I wouldnt dump my girl over those I have gotten nude pics from.
just look at her eyes and smile.
couldn't have been bad if they married anyway.
friend, spouse, or even your family members.
u better leave his a$$ u can do bad all by yoself!!
but, to make this person stay with u is a dificult part.
if ur in bangalore i am here :)
he lies to me and hangs up in my face.
I don't think it's a sin, but it surely ends in fornication!!!
lol... well, I think that being on that beach next to the fire with spotter888 sounds pretty darn good!!
you are going to find someone else and wonder why you forgave this guy so many times!
Depends if you believe in books about what dreams mean I guess...
Takes a lot of patience, I bet.
What in the HELL should I say??
But, we are happy and enjoy life!
You marry becasue you want to spend the rest of your life with the man!
HE ALWAYS SAYS SORRY..BUT THEN A MONTH LATER HES LYING AND BEING DISHONEST.
I start quiet and get louder and louder and then....BAAAAMMMM!!
I can't help thinking, was it me?
Not all guys care only about sex.
Prob his way of good time is sex.
if you like a man talk to him and get to know him
It really depends how ugly she is.
so just make sure she knows how much you love her.
DO NOT TELL HIM FACE TO FACE, IT MAY HAVE BEEN GOOD AT ONE TIME IT WONT BE NOW.
well then recognize what you dont want to
O and trust me IT CAN GET BAD!!!
guys r not scared of the word love.
nope.. maybe he wants 2 hear ur voice b4 he tucks himself 2 bed.
Would u make out with him, even if u werent officially going out.
your wrong on that one personal issues huh?
When you cant get that person off your mind
i would ask her if it was urs
How could anyone not like kids ???
twice first one i met and wanted to marry right then, the second is still unravelling.
I told him how do you know I'm looking at you ????
and their friends will bad talk you to theirs and so on and so on
Asking this cuz is like it is always guys that is ready and up for sex..
Never let anyone tell you different
Jealousy is a heck of a demon to fight.
- Dress up & act ladylike.
as soon as they get mad beacause you wont have sex with them, dump them.
If that doesn't do it, then I'm stumped.
I don't like the way they cus.
yes ya not and now that person seem to be a good frined
FIRST OF ALL THIS IS NOT THE RIGHT AGE MATCH THE DESIRES DIFFER...SO BE CAREFUL
The rest is just window dressing.
jus tell her how you feel and why you love her
well he wont be married much longer.
i mean beauty is skin deep!
u r not considered unless u do it back in return.
She was kind of this outcast punk rocker chich with big blue eyes.
Sending money is NOT better, your kid wants YOU there!!
Have you ever heard of descriminating based on sexual orientation...and how that is WRONG???
I actually prefer Hispanic men above all!
If I do then why would I be snooping around In his stuff?
not love, but who knows right?
but definately force her because no bra is very unattractive.
Probably the flirting led you to beleive he DID want more?
if that doesn't work tell him that you have an STD.
She is nothing special to others, but she is my true LOVE... That's all !!
In places where there are black men...duh!
hell NO,  u must be smart
if youre talkin about here, the internet, that is a wrong place.
ive actually heard alot of guys say that thye prefer virgins.
oh not to mention a cute A$$ and small boobies ( ya as weird as it is!
because they are an orgasm addict
If the guy doesn't like her, then advice to move on.
Obviously you decided you don't want to sleep with him or you would have already.
If so how many years have you been married?
try yes if u like him and no if u dont!
trust ur humor, beauty, intelligence, relation with other, how u conenct... and the like.
you are doing the right thing just devorce him, and get back to your life.
Stop thinking about what could be and dreaming.
if he realy loves you than he wouldnt care if you have nothing to offer.
Some places to go to: beaches, restaurants,...etc.
yes tell him the worst he will do is say no
hay just be friends with him
After I busted him cheating of course.
well try kissing him...are there any sparks?
yeah but you get more horny than fall in love
Games, games games, don't play them, you always loose.
To each their own BUT I'll still be eating my chocolates and enjoying my roses while you...........?
Just remember a man is stll a man.
So......you wanta have sex or not?!!
1ST OF ALL YOU CAN'T HELP WHAT YOU DREAM ABOUT, AND 2ND FANTASIZING IS JUST THAT, A FANTASY.
If my sister's friend shit on ME I would leave the room immediately!
But i will expect her to do the same..So just get with better guys....
If he gets the point, then stick it out...
and when she does, all she dreams about is him.
dont compromise your salvation for anyone.
yes, I guess I like the thugish type of guys.
i was 15 that was 9 months ago an im still with her.
do you think she'll know that you like her without telling her?
Just don't tell her you love her too early.
they can never be what you are.
I care about him a lot, and I miss him.
u broke up leave it 2 him
i noticed you like goo goo dolls have you ever seen then in concert.
maybe she's not a material kind of girl.
There really is no way to answer that without sounding like a racist of which I am not.
its basically deciding who i want to marry.
Just remember its up to you if u dont want to u dont have to!
Later on that month things started changing.
REally tell her to think twice.
How about a nice homemade personalised gift!
Then it is up to her to listen or not and find out in the hard way or not
there not the kind of guy you want.
Have you ever had a fallout like that?
you dont even know how old he is???
as little as possible forgive and forget
older as in 3 - 5 yrs so he's alot matured
at least you can trust us cause even if we lie you'd know!
movies are fun, but it doesnt provide much bonding.
she tried to use the credit cards and learned they did not work.
i can tell u that all girl think different.
Dreams are just that dreams and it is our brain working things out.
But be extra careful, you're playing with fire!
Knock that bastard upside his head.
You might not like it but pretend to.
marriage is better, no one said that it was going to be easy.
if not someone will find u
how old r u well that doesn't even matter run
I'm just not attracted you anymore.
If I did, yahoo answers would not be where I would look!
if you try it once...its menas you tried it once.
If my hubby cheated, I'd probably chop his thing off and hang it from the mustang's rearview mirror...
I get hungry twice a day.
I laughed my ass off when i read it.
I luv talking to him, it's like I don't feel real good unless I talk to him.
friends are hard to come by..
mr nobody get drunk and kiss her that is how i did it three year ago.
If the boy has such an attitude of mind he's not worth ur love even if u r simple.
so thats why i went with matt.
My yahoo chat name used to be 'iscreamifyoudoitright'
just ask her she'll probably like you to have some help
SHE OR HE WILL GET IT.
My wife gave me a kiss and took off with the kids.
undress yourself infront of him u will know
then, i learned that he likes me.
I am cause if i wasnt then i'd be w. a girl lol!!
if he has friends though then maybe he likes you.
Why in the world WOULDN'T a guy date a virgin?
Who here has married their high school sweetheart?
Did u watch movie The Game?
leave him alone he got what he wanted and maybe don't want to talk to you anymore
LEAVE HIM ALONE OR YOU MIGHT BE RUNNING INTO TROUBLE.
I have gotten dates, not as many as if I played stupid.
i bet you'll fall for me once you see me.
But you're probably too good for her anyway.
And if not the pet store... just look around the barns.
u dont just lose the bi**h cuz she will stay to hurt u and love doing it.
it's very easy....just tell him... talk to me or get out of my life thats all honeybun
Just say  I love me too.
its not so good for the person who has the available booty.
Well obviously if she won't tell you she doesn't want you to know.
i asked him if he still liked me & he said no.
and look at pictures of guys.
do whats right and listen to your heart!!
Why don't you have a job?
just be a cool guy, don`t take girls for granted.
you're a fucking retard and if you were my kid you wouldn't be allowed to date.
She is using you to get over here!!!
u need to talk to him about it and tell him to stop
i need to know if its alright
have sex right before you go to bed
if he speaks about it then listen to him and show that u care.
Don't even do that to yourself!!!
same reason why men do it!~ ^_^
dude you forget about that you move on you find someone who loves you
a boyfriend thats his friend to.
(read my Q&A)...I was dating my new girls friend, n i dumped her.
if he is cute to u and got a nice personality then say yeah duhhhhh!
if he likes you, tell him you love him... it gets things moving, worked like a charm for me!
If you are a boy then sure!
I am scared to ask him if he stills likes me, because I liked him too.
Ask her permission if in doubt!!
in no way do you need him or anyone bring you down.
I couldn't hurt someone I cared about that way.
Have u cheated on her in the past?
i cant stand a woman like that.
no but u can be so one's bi***
secret admirier notes,with clues leading up to you
REPEAT DONOT TELL HIM FACE TO FACE.
no never u have to get to know her
love will find a way, if you guys really are meant to be...
THIS IS THE PROBLEM IN AMERICA!
either you get along with this person or you do not.
dunno, cook him dinner, show him u care.
we think we are giving them signals but they dont get it.
ALTHOUGH I'M SURE IF THEY COULD WE ALL KNOW WHAT THE DECISSION WOULD BE.
maybe you should not be worried at all.
kiss her on the cheek first and if she knows what u mean shell carry on from there.. ;)
my husband and i moved in after 2 weeks go 4 it
Ain't the size kiddo, it's how u use it.
i think everybody has a right to enjoy my girlfriend doin stripping..  U r welcome to the party too.
1.when you hear that love song and all you think about is them.
but do you love somebody ?
but even if, she's still ur friend.
i know alot just email me and i will tell you
dont try to impress her at all.Just let her know that you like her
Do u have Irish in you?
maybe that is why it is called fantazys
Some learn it and do well, others do not.
but they dont have to be half naked.
So if you find the answer let me know.
I wanna do things to you I wouldn't even do to an oreo.
I am really mature so don't mess with me!
Don't just go to him and say hey I wanna bone your sister really bad.
Until then, quit being such a jerk.
if you really like him you will just know.
not a bad person at ALL!!
I doesnt matter if u do it right!
be nice and relaxed and let her know that you like her.
People don't do things they don't get something out of.
I BELIEVE A WOMAN SHOULD MAKE HER OWN DECISSION.
You should call him and ask him
I am a 20 yo female.
people have lots of reasons why  they have not found that right person.
You can still be friends...hell even friends with benefits.
And you really want him to ask you to marry him
look forget the fu?k and go out with me!!!
And just do it, if yo wait you will never get anywhere.
look you just have to be normal.
Every once in a while, I won't, just for a change.
start looking for someone  more compatable and closer your age
Have I told... you lately... that I lub you...?
Well it cna mean many differnt things.
I say, Look what you wearing.
when youlike a guy who like you back
That you aint getting none homie
Next, you should totally focus on getting to Level 3, real fast, okay ?!
SHE SHOULD DECIDE TO PREVENT GETTING PREGNANT.
no, coming from a girl, i dont think about sex as much as my ex boyfriend did.
I don't like a big cry baby though!
Why would you want to marry someone that is in jail for one..????
we have flurted may times but i just don't know *_*
it is not men ,it is the boy you went out with.
but i took an instant dislike for him.
Then of course there are many questions on wheather i've been f---ked up the a--.
Just speak with your eyes baby!
Women want it slow......and take too long for it......men want it without a tease.
and we sat on my bed and looked in her eyes and huged her and kissed/made out with her
Why get married.... just become some ones Biotch
u've gotta accept the sad truth.
don't you love your xgf at all?
so it's either get over him, or wait.
beside now this days its hard to find a virgin!
REPEAT AFTER ME....YOU ARE A LYING DIRT FACE!
-im just wondering-      -thanks for answering-
Go hang around with some really rough men, you know, a ' man's man'
i care for him a lot, but only as a friend.
I'm a self-proclaimed nympho, but I dunno if I'm just really nasty or really horny... all the time.
She might come clean to u if she doesn't want to be with u anymore.
Honey, if you don't want to have sex with a guy, that's o.k.
First, Who broke up with who?
Dress like a decent lady and you will find nicer guys.
I'll try anything once and again if I like it
as long as there is no physical activity, I don't see why not
i don't know are u ready for one?
jon told me to stay with matt.
he will b pleasently suprised and will luv all the more for it:)
& i told him yes very.
cheat on her with one of her friends and treat her friend better than u treated her
If you're not planning to marry him, why bother?
the problem is that the girls that do smell.. think they don't.
Most guys care about that, some don’t, it’s up to the guy.
tell him to go to hell!!!!
Get yourself some self esteem and dump his ass.
its probably that woman don't like wussies!
But yeah, guys do think about sex more than girls.
mayb its cuz ur doin something wrong!!
older doesnt mean that his foot is in d grave.. lol.
are there reasons you do not trust him?
Hand the mofo a toilet brush.
hit me up if u want more... digital_lyricist at yahoo dot com.
If you want to get married then do so.
astrology is a bunch of bunk.
Men are beautiful no matter what.
Ask him straight up, if he wants to marry you.
BUT TO MUCH OF A GOOD THING CAN TURN IN TO A BOTHER.
cuz they have a one track mind
He doesn't like your kids, you don't like his?
Have your fun now when you are single.
because its called lust, which is a sin.
I guess I just have some anxiety about it.
but my new girl really means a lot to me.
make sure it's a good, clean fun.
Now you get two of everything.
theres a mr right for every girl.
Go to movies, sight seeings etc.
well now, that kind of difficult.
What you need to do is get MAD!!!
maybe she wants to have sex but not with u.
where do u get these stats?
If you connect with someone, just don't worry about other people's feeling's...   Dr Checko...   (Nickname)
I love having phone sex w/my bf.
just tell him to his face in a nice way, that its over.
Its easy Find someone to marry you in the Jail
What if some guy would ask, why are all woman s1uts?
she might do it agin oh and thanks i'll let him know.
Don't let anybody ever tell you different.
Oh, and if the guy is to marry the girl, she can't have slept with too many other guys.
I am an old fashioned kind of guy.
if you are with an unsaved (sinner) you are a sinner too.
no phisical contact, no eyes contact, no hand contact, just the faith that the other one says the truth...
maybe she also got the same feeling as u are..............
good looks,good habbits & ofcourse a great figure makes a girl a good girlfrind
Why not get a job and send him money?
Give her something really nice and then ask right there on the spot.
then she will think you are really hiding something.
Stop thinking about looks and start looking at people on how they treat u
can any1 here speak clear english?
It's about the one you're with.
Who could say no to that?
Repeat after me IT'S NOT MY FAULT!
I got 2: u judge for yrself.
She asked me about my feelings...
my old man don't he just go right to it and get in it
then one day he started flirting with me.
only if u feel like u need a boyfriend.
no because the same thing happened to me  but it might be different
Would it bother him if you did were asking guys for pictures?
u r jus experiencing new things which is a gud thing.
If not it wasn't meant to be.
and if he likes you for your activities, start doing things that he wouldn't like.
start talking about marriage ands kids and his family that might spook him
flowers,  not roses that might be too strong.
YOu don't have to run but you might want to tell him to slow down!
when me & matt first got together i really liked jon, & i didnt know he liked me too.
hmm, I would hide their lunch box and not play with them at recess!
NO, I THINK YOU CANT SPELL.
you most likely can do alot better.
That would be NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS !
and it makes ppl more anxious and jealous, so beware of that too.
I'VE HAD THIS PROBLEM SO MANY TIMES JUST STICK WITH BOTH OF THEM BUT JUST PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGTHT!!!!
IT MAY TO LATE TO ATTEMPT ABORT.
So I will tell you what alot of the guys I know dream of.
if he treated her right then i see nothing wrong with it its not like she is your sis
Boys love themselves its sick man.
if she likes you then she should know that your new at it.
it depends on u. but would u want to?
but it jus bothers me cus i want 2 w/ him but i wanna wait!!
If you like another guy though you should probably just say that!
Is it that you don't have one, or your ehaving trouble with the one you have?
And hes not a druggie or nothing like that.
just be friendly not fwd i.e.
and he probuble did not awnser your calls cause he was truely bussy
ask them wen theyre hooked up 2 a lie detectotr
I like him but..im not in love with him.
go to the gym - workout practice speaking with a lower your voice be confident
i would just be straight up with your friend.
You can do better, doll !
tell him your baby is in need of him
I feel old too and I'm 20.
Don't blow it on a thing called sex.
y cant they just treat us with respect?
if he is still talking to her, he is probably cheating on you or very close to it.
but once she leaves him karma goes around so it will go back to him.
i would say in most cases yes
Plus, women aren't just ready You need to help...
don't ask let him say it on his own
But if I had to choose...Black... White men just don't do it for me..
No, if you already free him in you're life and find another girl.
well now im pregnant with his kid... how do i tell him without him going BALISTIC!!!???!!!???!!!
dont drag it out, but make it short and to the point.
Would u like to be called stupid?
I dunno cuz me and my fiance are like that to.
my guy does he says that it gives him an oppunity to tell be how beautiful i am
I also like kids...but I'm not one.
It's not just a guy thing.
Well, like I wouldn't necessarily just drop my friend like just because we fight.
Do you see yourself happy for the rest of your life with this person?
think why you guys broke up and then you move on too.
Go where ur P leads u mayb even in the wrong direction!
I need advice from other ppl.
Dump the one you have (Trust me: She'd be shocked!
Then a personality that isn't too bad.
i dont think that girls are bad liars.
well it creeps ME out but some people get intense pleasure from it...go figure
its only normal to cool off i guess.
You need to ask YOURSELF if you like him!
Doesn't sound like a good mate to me.. but that's just me.
If you like guys and girls, then you are bi.
he should have the heart not play w/ sum1s heart.
First, choose only one guy, you love.
But men are people to and have feelings just like us ladies do.
I can't think of ANY reasons.
I wouldn't want my guy having lunch with some other lady on V-day!
many reasons for marriage break ups, money, kids, infidelity, stress, family
also for older kid, try putt putt golf, laser tag, go-karts, that kind of thing.
i loved my boyfren of 8 years.
i really mature for my age too.
when you find your gem hopefully he'll want you for you
She is the boss, and you had an intimate interlude with her -that is that.
the problem is, how can i say no and still remain good friends?
you will always wonder if you never tell him the truth
make it slow and steady... opss i'm a man...
straight up tell them and at the right moment.not whn there is a bunch of ppl around
good things come to those who wait.
show her she's important and not your stupid friends
hmmm well 1st NO its not always bout the outside of a woman!
but hes as clueless as i am.
I have been nothing but nice to her everyday....what should i do?
WHAT KIND OF FATHER DOES THAT MAKE HIM???
if she breaks ur heart its not my fault, you shouldn't have listened 2 my advice.
I loved this guy but after he humiliated me in front of 40 ppl, I dunno wat I feel!!
Maybe the both of you need time apart.
an easy way of saying he just wants to be a booty call.
or just excited about being in love?
If he wants to be friends thenso be it.
Have u ever wondered why they have to fight?
Because that is all they ever thing about...
We're not mind readers you know...
Sometimes guys say that stuff to play you.
umm..prolly because you're single and couldn't get a date??
If you get tied up in mess your going to come out with mess.
Oh forgot a big one for you ladies.....ever use the sample cosmetics at the mall?
Or, one day, slap him with a kiss!
and depends on if he likes war games or sports or role playing ect...
all guys do it even when they're married
I love to dream, about different men, I guess it's okay.
But you'll never catch a woman admitting to it!
if you asking this it means that you love your wife.
well... if he doesn't even know who you are it looks really hard... but it is worth trying
BRUSH YOUR MOUTH TWICE..THERE WILL BE NO TROUBLE..
because some guys tottally lose their brain when they are around hot grl like me :)
if not no if your to young like 12 and younger then no.
what to do is simple know her/his emotions and talk about such emotion things
ya the moneys is great but there alot of stuff in those places .
it just depends on how it is.
you won't meet anyone too serious unless you got a big dick.
it that true i tryed taking to him but he wont return my calls.
and tell them how sad you are.
come to romania with me, i already live there:)!
You wake up and one day just know.
they're happy, so it could work for you too!
believe me, you DO NOT mess with a friend's younger sister.
if all you want is to be with him, stay with him.
lets talk on yahoo shrunkenmann_thegrass  (100% girls only)
she really looks up to u and thinks of you as a friend and probly nothing more
I wouldn't worry about the embarrasment factor there.
Oh yes, if you realy feel the need to..send him one too.
youhave some work to do there.
have a serious talk with and tell her that it is childish and you are getting older.
comunication but are you sure u wanna do that
Now if you can't say this to his face scream it in the mirror with him not around...Know why?
as for what to do... dont DO anything.
no only if they are sick
and if not, you will show him how.
).....I am looking for virgin girl as I havent sex yet.
yeah your mom is going out with him
he will love you so much more ...
but if you think that this could lead you to a heartbreak then wait and watch what happens!!
he must have been a friend at one time.
The phrase to use is, Hey, I got enuff friends
first of all she,s not much of a best friend, keep your eye on her.
Try yahoo personals to see if you like some guy.
then tell him that if he's interested, u could go out sometime.
Stare at that for a bit.
maybe my mother, but that's another story!
you might be too hot for your own good.
go on a cruise and push her overboard.
Dont push her or tell her you love her.
but thats not a bad thing if you enjoy it and its with a responsible person.
beause they dont think with the head on their sholders.
Believe in yourself...it is very SEXY!
I have dated several bi females and its a turn on BIGTIME!!!
if i really think about it i want to be with both of them i guess.
no, it just like he loves exchanging girlfriends every now and then.
both  if i have to choose only one then beauty for this moment
I say.... that whatever your instinct tells you is happening....is happening.
so i guess a little of both
MAKE LOVE WITH A LOVED ONE .
yeah like lumbeeman said, have your bff tell him for you
yes he is a MAN that is what we do!
BUT EVERYTIME I GET BACK ITS THE SAME CRAP OVER AGAIN.
Just try to let him know you!
You don't know what real problems are until you get married and have kids!
that is a lie  if you really  love the person  your relationship  will stay strong  no matter what
So we always meet and I feel like him.
maybe he's just checkin' if you're alright.
with love will be full of sweet meanings
sure, feel free to chat me up anytime.....
your still going to feel you can not trust men.
You can't really expect to give him anything too pricey!
Believe wat u want 2 blive.
well, I WOULD date a girl who was stripper, because I don't matter who she was.
sense of humor is very important
he says he respects tht i wanna wait and undetrsatnds!!
i thought this boy liked me he used to stare at me all day long.
but if ur ok w/ it, and it should b ok!
Just assure her that mom/dad both love her very much even tho mom/dad don't live together anymore.
u will prove to be a great sis!!!
i guess people want what they can't have.
you can like who ever u like
You should definately tell her to wait.
tell ur partnner and undetstand him well, help ur self to help each other.
Hubby & i got married in July (7-7-01) and went to Hawaii for 2 weeks!
because if you're not, it will be dry sex and will hurt.
wat do i do with both of them?
Unless you absolutley love it I would say NO!
There are men who don't care at all about what they look like.
where do u want it to go?
Maybe its because he is not lonely.
If u have an he still continues to do it then let him go u dont need that!!
how much success you get in your life and you find love is the reason for that success
TRY BEING THE WOMEN THEN I AM SURE ULL FIND ONE.
does anybody know what love is any more.
You urinate from there, and don't even wipe!
Any guy that's not completely desperate won't ask you out again if you dumped him.
we try to make females comfortable.
Or  If I see you with another girl, I'll rip her bloody arms off.
You need to get a job if you asking questions like that.
And ask yourself if he is a decent person and is nice.
I have a friend who had the hood of her clitoris pierced very very cool
So how do i approch a woman and ask her to come home with me and my  b/f?
THEN YOU KNO WAT TO DO......forgive.
no everything everyone else said is true also.
i dont care if your a virgin  if you are slutty that matters i dont want VD
tell her while in a middle of a conversation to surprise her
if he does that means he really cares for you.
as long as u r true.true love u will find anywhere.
see if she emails you back or find out in person.
Easier to move on,two wrongs don't make a right.
Tell them that they will never get anywhere in life by being a liar!
Dogs r like family(trust me i know.
only if your heart desires to, if your gut says run then do so
And of course stop & say hey!
If they are hurting themselves too much to listen tho..find another adult....  a grandparent?
i know a women who was married to a jerk and he beat their kids.
cos dey have a guilty conscience
and after the police left the dog was in custidy and the kids were back in bed.
stop doing this then if she is not willing
i sure would like to talk to someone
yes, like you are a complete stranger to me.
I don't think MOST guys are stupid.
Well, if you are a girl and you like a lesbian, then you ARE a lesbian!
Even if what he is saying is true- why would he text message other girls asking for naked pictures?
i love my ex with all my heart.
DONT TELL HIM FIRST, GO TO YOUR MOM OR SCHOOL SOCIAL WORKER AND LET THEM TALK TO YOUR PARENTS.
It's not as Difficult if you know what your doing.
if it's love, then he will wait and also not cheat on you
Make them laugh and they'll love u.
Men like this are a waste of scum!
Unless if you like being treated like poop.
i would not like to be the 7th guy if she thinks about the 8th
im getting 21 this coming august 10 2006. thats true
this is the love most people seek, yet are to lazy to earn it.
maybe because they knew you would be furiouse.
just talk to her and see if she does like you.
LMAO, great way to start the day, LOL
I gave him a second chance but he didnt take.
if she wants to, she will when shes free.
Lights on and on top is sexy!
be friend and give him some timen space
...you're starting to hate the male/female friends of the one you love.
Do something that most people haven't.
i dont believe that love dies so fast.
ok, i think its just nothing.
she's still probably living w/ her parents
This is a major NO, NO!
ANY WAY SHE IS STILL WITH YOU SO OBVERSLY SHE DOES .
I wouldn't worry about things like that!
Sounds like he's playing hard to get...and you aren't.
I'm not sure even chickens care about it thats what
You get out what you put in (no pun intended)
SOAP If you smell better maybe.....
Just move on ... think about how lucky you are to not be with him!!
What can I do to get her to lose weight?
leave him, he is not worth your time
a lot of attention and to be fed some good chocolate.
if he gets too possesive send him packing.
when you can hear echother without speaking
You should try it some time you will not be dissapointed
i mean.how insensitive of her to do those things infront of you!!duh?
other than that, go to a party and hit on drunk chicks.
and just ask him, it might be awkward but it will be worth it if he does love you.
SAY I LOVE YOU IF ITS MEANT TO BE IT WILL JUST COME OUT
it will pay off in the long run.
I am always into the A-Hole guys, Whats my problem?
Would I pack my husband's bags?
then you don't have a relationship.
why my ex b/f keeps tryin to make me jealous..
my best friend is a guy and we have never tried to be more
In my case though, it didn't!
hang around with her,go shopping if she likes it,.
nope he has a lady sorry,
if you love a boy then tell hem
my dad is like that too.
He needs to grow up and mature
I'm not asking him to go out or anything even close to that!
So, #1 - boys say things they don't really mean.
just find other girl, she dont love you
marrying the lady of my dreams would mean that i have everything i dreamed of.
and really get to know her.
I'M MARRIED WITH ONE CHILD AND I WANT TO BE SINGLE AGAIN.
find a new man if you care that much
You deserve someone that will NOT LISTEN TO OTHER PEOPLE WITHOUT ASKING YOU FIRST !!!
(at least of course if you are over 18!)
He was like hey baby whats happnin'.
And you already had sex with this man.
well you can apologize,, but you can't have him back,, just accept what you already decided...
try watching an adult movie together.
After you ask the gal, y u dont like me.
but she has a boyfriend so dont make a move.
But YES it could work if you want it to!
It's too late, you missed your chance, and she has moved on now.
you know your in love if u have sex with them
Because after all i'm in your school.
;)  Come on ladies- tell him!
just be patient dont' rush your self.
i heard once it was not.
and stay away from the plants i mentioned.
People are just plain dumb .
it could never be  boring thing
I'VE BEEN WITH MY HUSBAND SINCE I WAS 19 AND I'M GOING TO BE 26 NEXT MONTH.
Never buy a women lingere unless it is something she wants.
dude same here.. but i don't think its a bad choice...
I asked her to dance and we are now friends.
either that or u try to find his other self and accept him.
If ha can't respect you then he's got to go!!
Very truly speaking, wether my friends agree or not, they cannot ever find a friend like me.
Instead of telling him -show him what you like...
you do not find her it will just happen.
You do understand they're just using you, don't you?
And since you aren't even sure, then you know it isn't worth it.
I'd marry your cat just to get in the family!
before too long..>>>>> YOU SUCKED THEM INTO YOUR BLACKHOLE OF LOVIN!
I'm right here baby, all you gotta do is ask
get buck wild have sex anywhere and everywhere.
good luck buddy you will need it.
it is not right, and is it legal?
My sister has dumbed him since then but she is pregnant with his baby.
yeah baby.. a girl knows what a irl wants right???
He even slept with his best friends wife.
or do you enjoy hurting those that mean so much to you.
it's pretty much up to you to decide you don't want to be miserable anymore.
I wouldnt want or need anyone else.
something that happened behind your back.
become a friend to a women first.
he probably won't tell you, but he's most likely to tell sum1 else.
because when you are into a relationship, and if you go out for fun... this kills your partner.
He is a piece of shit and i never want to see him agen.
She might be able to fake moaning, shaking, thrashing around, etc., but she can't fake that.
maybe you have but u dnt knw it
Just don't go overboard with all your planning!
we get along great except this issue.
time to move on to  a differnet place ?
well ask him or ask ur friends that know him and they might know.
Tell him that you are a beautiful vampire ;))
the coaches were more laid back and i usually played over half the game.
THAY LEFT US KNOW CHOICE BUT TO PART.i NEVER STOP LOVING HIM.
Start by saying I want to kiss you here (nose) then here (mouth) and here (cheek) Then here (neck)!
Girl, don't TELL him you want to make love to him!
i dont know... are you in love?
wait, it will be well worth it.
i dont think u should give him any more times u dont wanna get hurt again
He'll find that with another, but YOU want something more, don't you?
make them want to break up with you.
if he loves you, he will be heartbroken, but he will get over it.
U shouldn't be with no man who gonna keep pushin u to do things u don't want to.
Some guys that have experience don't know which way is up.
hook up with math geeks, they know how to handle curves :-)
you have to basically overdose to get off.
if you have tried to hard!
What was that about now I am curious too.
A UPCLASS STRIP BAR WITH LOSTS OF BEER
yes i would, in a heart beat!
here is not the place to find one
Yes dude, if you start lifting your a** off that chair!
But that also depends on WHO YOU are??
yes, at least mine do live.
Cauze if you never give it a chance u will never know what would had happen between yall 2.
I have never heard of a guy who didn't like this.
obviously if he's going through all that trouble to scare you he doesn't want you.
things like this are bad to do thru email
well, why did you post such a stereotypical, dumb and pointless question?
i just wanna help her open up her eyes before something bad happens....
Thats not very fair to the guy your seeing now.
they want a man just to be himself, at least I do
is it just too weird and geeky!
wow.... what a situation..... good luck with that!
is not bad, if you like him.
he could be just using you for just sex.
I'm sorry if you love him (wait you said that you didn't) Anywho, leave him please!
you have ever right to be mad
But send the ole boy a post card from Bora Bora or something.
Maybe you should tell her and see what response you get.
Why would you care, as long as you got yours...right?
i 100% agree with u there.
A hard face 2 go wit it.
Ive asked her to be my girl friend 2 times already but she never answers.
got anything better to do the rest of your life than trying to understand them?
ya I care, but its not everything
hey, i am 12 and just got a girl friend.
just ask him or tell him u luv him n ask him 2 b ur boyfren
No, this is not bad at all.
because u already know so much about oneanother.
I never talk bad about any person.
okay youre confusing 1 question at a time.
cheat on her with a hooker they have experience
not  only men have them, women can too
#3 - don't use sex as a weapon in your marraige
That way you get to sample other women and it's not cheating.
what happend to his queen kong?
mabey but ill never find him
Do not do it in private.
Who cares wha their gender is.
Shower, wear deodorant & always have fresh breath...
No matter if your in a skirt and heals or a baggy pair of jeans.
dude, go back to lickin yer nuts.
HE USED TO MENTALLY AND PHYSICALLY ABUSE ME.
I have gone out with big guys.
Do you have a chicken butt?
If you like her ask her out and see where it takes you
tell your man, to tell him that u don't like that guy.
No guy wants to be just friends with women.
or what do you think about marriage?
Yet I will not date a large man.
but try to stay out of this till time makes them calm;) Good Luck
Sex and candy Where can I find you?
its better to loose a lover than love a looser
Well if a guy does that to me, I just move on.
alright, the way it's always worked for me is to go out with a friend.
First off, don't do anything you don't want to.
As Gab said...no way to know.
your a 40 year old woman you should look for someone your around age
Don't push the ladies... they don't respond well.
why dont you call her.send some valentines card!
You mite lose the one you love,to some- one else.
my bffl went ut w/ a really short guy and they even kissed.
I'm 38 :-)  would anybody lie about that age ?
What exactly do guys want from girls?
Lastnight when me and my ex talked I asked him that question!
if he is a nice guy, he'll understand and probablly stop if he likes you.
Ank one other thing, trust her.
Just surprise him...... You can do it!
just wait... maybe its yet the time for you to meet the right one
no it s not noemal it is abnormal
im comfused wot was u askin?
If he did, he wouldn't have even looked at the other girl.
If I could arrange the alphabet I would put U next to I.
personally can't even think of going out with someone i gave the boot to bf.
why do married /committed men cheat?
afterall she has lived her life all these days jus 4 u...
where the heck do you live?
It seem's from your statement, your just hangin on to a dream... Dr Checko... (Nickname)
who can put me back together
u should ask a person u trust or a doctor.
any person hu loves u shud think think about your feelings.
Where does the baby's daddy fit in?
you shouldnt get with your cousin.
my love... aka my girlfriend aka my everything aka shes perfect...
Guys can have female friends too -
you might even find that you dont like being sexual with a woman at all.
however I think stupid far excedes dumb.
Because once they are interested then the CHASE is over
and why would you go with somebody that young or old
wellllll some guy's butts are cute.
If he is trying to control you - GET OUT!!
If you truly like this person, then why not give it a try?
no, drop dead girl who dumped me....I even won't give a damn to her anymore....
no dought about it im positive!
i think 'no answer' is your answer, you just don't want to admit it.
sweetie, love conquers all...what are you so worried about?
Never can be if ur a teen or kid or something........
pick em up round midnite at the nursing home and go to wendys LOL
I love my bf/childs father to death!
Bear in mind, that this guy hadn't been in a relationship for almost 9 years!
Read this article and say whatever you can to stop her!!!
Rather say, Whos on yer mind...
many men are totally happy just keep sex interesting and exciting and he will never even consider it
just them down and explain to them they should be understanding , and support u no matter what .
I'm just his friend, I mean, I LOVE him and as far as i know, he has no idea.
And you have a problem with this?
step 2: if you don't see any result after 3 weeks.
i have id in yahoo with camera.
The guy is married for god's sake!
And its usually the one who is not as good in bed as the other.
it is never boring it's actually fulfilling
lights off w/ very few candles and on top of the covers
oh yes you can.....Where were you that day in sex ed?
so here, take it, but don't take it for granted.
if they dont then they arent worth you caring what they think
But why would he ignore me??
I think a guy with a nice round butt is sexy.
I have guy friends that are like brothers to me and there's no tension whatsoever.
i here a coat hanger and a vacuum will do the job
u should have a nice impression on the girl .
gather all ur girlfrends & have a party.. let her mingle w/new faces..
ur spellings tell how worried u r.
sounds like you are hot, so thats a good start!
nobody can do it better than you
you are such green minded people!!!
Just remember alot of married men are very happy.
But don't be like are you a virgin.
ya know I have the same problem, so I know what ya mean.
GIRLS SORRY THIS LOOSER SAID THAT ABOUT YOU THE REST OF US THINK YOUR ALL GREAT
Never mind what anyone else wants!
so what do u want to do now?
You really need to learn to read a person, you know?
guy: im a caveman girl:whats this?
yes get rid of the cat.
just get it over with and text him.
or just my guy ego cant handle a girl knowin about it !
If you have money to spend, girls usually love jewelry!!
If she like the beach maybe a weekend in the Bahamas.
this my opinion,that's whow i think about this!
if you don't like any of the guys that asked you out then just say no.
it can be very sexy to watch a woman... and yo might get a pointer or two...
do it in person though, set up a dinner date.
u dont take any precaution and u get pragnent
HE'S IGNORING U FOR THE SAME REASONS WE IGNORE YOU!
!LOL WHEN I WENT OUT THERE I NOTICED THAT TOO.
im 28 years old.im almost handsome.
Tell her to try asking him out or something.
ur question is making ppl able to know that u r single.
Bro's before ho's...Ok, so your girls, the saying still works.
i would not give my life up for a stranger or a friend.
People dont care anymore about others.
And u tell him it's ur way or no way.
call and say hello and be done with it one way or another
put your nose into her p...!
She's just not that into you.
like me my luv lives far away from me.
WHAT IN GODS NAME ARE YOU DOING.
Don't let her play games with you.
It cant be love because you dont know anything about her!
it is better and easier to tell over the phone or in person.
you won't find love on the internet
u cant put ur life to be all about her.
its simple that u should take her out for dating .
jus t tell them u already have a date sorry about that you should have asked earlier
easy 2pts for me and -2pts for u
Once I just said, Well, if there's nothing better to do .
she might have an underlieing factor that makes her eat this much ?
step 3: if she is pregnant then end of procedure.
you sneeky bugger..i was just going to ask this question.
Probably the one thing that comes before good health on the human scale of existance!
WOMEN LIKES TO BE PAMPERED,TAKE HER TO DINNER OR ORDER IN CANDLES, FLOWERS,JUST TREAT HER LIKE A QUEEN.
i think so for romantic love plus its really fun
so wht to ddo YOU think!
Not special, not weird...  just your personal choice.
can u check it out for me plz die fast
the question is the other way around how do get your guy to back off the girl.
I went to one where they had a belly dancer instead...LAME!
she already knows it not love.
I wouldn't worry about the heroin.
I like to laugh and tell jokes!
IT CANT BE DONE,IF THEY CARE ABOUT YOU ITS GOING TO HURT NO MATTER HOW YOU SAY IT.
Wat are you good at doing?
someone else might take the opportunity.........DON'T BE LATE.
If they r not, why would be so mean?
start cutting him off now -- that way when you get married, he'll be used to it
Just say 'I love you' getting him/her off guard.
he obviouly doesnt accept u for u so how can u stay with him no piont in being miserable.
i believe that they will.why not?
Because once you cross the friendship line it's really hard to go back to that!
i think that boys are more sensitive but girls show it more.
gave: Get a life... and relax.
so just go ahead and text!!
dont stick with someone who isnt right for you, its just not worth it.
dont belive in it at all....its too commercialized!!
he is only using you ?
One might b good n bed, the other a listener!
you got that right .but have to do it any way .or she kill me.
IT WHAT U MAKE OF IT.
why is he sleeping out with the dog?
Do you dream about her at night?
so, i guess you just have to circulate the places,activities you enjoy, strike up conversation,and see what happens...
No, I don't want to shake your hand either
IF YOU TRULY IN LOVE YOU DONT WANT ANYTHING ELSE.
SWEET HEART I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
Pick yourself up, don't let it bother you too much, and just have fun/play the field.
i think she likes me because of the flirting, and person talk that goes on, between us.
relax, do it and think that's not the best point in your life.
It wouldn't matter how she looks.
Being 8 years old is pure HELL isn't it??
he will ask you to marry him.
then go ask her out,, :)
Hmmm, a little vague on the informastion giving.
of course i have plenty of friends who are guys......yet i have plenty of friends that are girls.
(and i hope things turn out right..)
Seriously, laize faire answer tone from now on...
As they get  married they syart acting stupid and abusive.
chances are only once in a blue moon!!!
whats the worst thing they can say?
And my guess is that he wants you to have phonsex with him... but maybe you don't?!
are u implying there is something not good about me???!
did you just read what you wrote.
And trust me priorities is a big quality to look for!
they dont see them, they feel them
Especially if u are looking to get married and settle down.
took my neighbor (who doesn't drive) to the doctors at 7pm last night after work .
please her in the bed room also.
Just tell her that you need a hug every once in a while.
If a guy didn't really care, he wouldn't give a damn.
(no offense to big butts, but it was a MAN).
Trust me you can't change them!
it depends u have to ask him first
No way to know her virginty, Untill you not fucked her  So don't wait do it fast.
Satisfy UR self but be careful USE PROTECTION!!
Some men just need a little extra stimulation to ... ahem, get the job done.
I tell my guy that I love him every day.
what is a gurl to do?
because all men love to compete.
You marry the one you can't live without.
wanna have girl frnds or boy frnds?????
and dear as i believe sex is to b done to give satisfaction not to get.. unselfishly.
adam and eve.... they were smart tho
For some guys does it not always matter just about the sex?
my guess is you dont look the same to her either if you dont inspire her to inpress you.
you never know, try flirting with girls...that helps
YES, I REALLY THINK THERE'S HOPE.
new boyfriend, your a girl it should be easy
maybe u just need Mr.Just for Me
the way she reponds will tell you if she right for you or not.
if you cant to the time [haveing a baby] then dont do the crime [haveing sex]
Well, I'd believe what the girl said to you.
if ur hot also comment on her hair,outfit,or her shoes.
once u've talked to her then decide where u are going to live.
Being  a lesbian/gay is not cool.
sex plus friend does not always equal love to both men and women.
At least he wants you involved in it!
do they feel like he doesn't have confidence or something
gosh...i love my sister to death, but she always seems to put herself in unhealthy relationships.
you dont know... that's why they call it love (confusin aint it)
he even accepted my newborne daughter as his own.
If u wana attract ur husband's attention and #@$#)*)#)_*, then u gotta remember TWO WORDS; FOOD AND SEX.
if you watched spider-man the upsidedown kiss catch him off gaurd and just lay it on him
as thick as you want it.
And don't think you won't be getting pleasure from it.
it should be elaborate, public, and show her really how much she means to you....  GO FOR IT!!
if you are attracted to men still then you may be bi.
you have been hanging around with the wrong women.
NEVER HIDE........... u might just loose them.
if you feel shy, just tell him to close his eyes.
who needs gud looks if he acts like a beast???
i'd go wit jamookae ,hz gt serious emotional issues!
And you might have already scared her.
Let me guess: move to New Zealand?
tell him ur boss or just dump him and get anouther man in ur life
personality above all...   then fit body (and not neccessarily thin) and kindness...
We're all a little screwy round here!
Your mom kicked the wrong person out.
So if you havent slept together yet...don't.
to start having boyfrends 13 but datng like going on dates 16.
BY THE WAY HE LOOKS AT YOU AND ACT TOWARDS YOU.
my dad lost about 20 pounds just by playing out side.
IF these don't WORK OUT, LEAVE things as they were, and START ANEW in a DIFFERENT DIRECTION!
no...why can't a guy talk to another girl without his girlfriend thinking he is cheating?
it means exactly what she says.
Now im at 28 and single.
far enough to be away from family but close enough so they can visit maybe once a month?
Say hi, then just have casual conversation with him.
they need to compete to be the biggest loser on earth
who knows what a woman is doing when she's not with you, trust her or leave her
i advise u dont hold anything bak.
i am trying to think what is on my mind, that's what :)
I don't really even like the word stupid .
yea my ex said the same thing once.
a dance is just a dance.
You have a bf that loves you and you love him too right?
if you are not married and have sex, its bloooody and hurrrty.
go to a very important (in her life) vacation resort
Of course, if it feels right.
You seem like a sweet person...you can find better!
abbout 3 to 4 hunred is my gguess
I am to busy to respond to that.. #2 would be....
Some men just don't function the same.
Of course she yelled about it then.
I'm telling you, it was LONG.
Tell your lover how special they are to you & why.
i made it and so can you.
if they dodge the question and/or get angry then i would be worried.
lol I supposed you've tried talking to him?
a lot of girls like it when you make eye contact.
yes find your next boyfreind .dam there are alot of lonly peoples out there move on
i kind of have a mix between the two.
its coo when ur in like 6th grade???
remember the good times and forget the bad but it takes time
well i think you should introduce your self.
Kudos to her for sticking withit even when it upsets her!
it once happened to me man.
Because you're the only ten I see!
HOW CAN I TELL IF THE MAN IM WITH TRUELY LOVES ME
its not bad, but it does look kind of funny if the girl is significantly taller
NO THEY CANT BECAUSE SOMEWHERE DEEP DOWN THERE IS A ATTRACTION,,,,,,,,
Why in the world would you do something like that and then go around telling it???
If someone doen't ask you out, does that mean that you are unattractive or something????
You know what, love finds you so don't rush things out ok?
My problem is I make girls angry because I'm smarter than them.
and u kno wat  he doin but u don't care cuz u let him tell ya different.
i think it depends on hwo mature the child is.
I say think long and hard about it.
oh, also tell your man why u hated him.
i understand that u feel as though shes not as attractive, but shes happy bout the way she feels.
i can fall in love after one month.
Kinda like suicide... normal to think about, but not to do.
move on and STALK someone else.
I don't want him as a boyfriend anymore.
so how can I tell him?
Really though, they are just bad news.
I kinda like my guys thick.
Just have fun or keep yourself busy.
How to check that I am madly  in love with her ...?
you can do alot of things.
Guys likes my butt and always whistling at my butt.. LUCKY ME, i guess!
Now the devils hell hounds are tracking his every step.
Then see what she says, and you'll have your answer
is he ruining his life or what?
Yep, some are WAY OUT THERE.hello.
I guess becuase they are loved, if not they wouldn't find it.
it will bring him down and probably not want to have sex with you agian.
see u ve decided to leav ur wife.
because they are not happy missing somthing from their relationship
But, still wants to have sex with you.
I'd never pack my husband's bag!
well if you really love her, this will happen for sure.
with kids its not so simple.
Most people don't believe in it until they fall, and fall hard.
Its not bad if you laugh at yourself.
Ha ha, have a delightful day.
Ask him if he'd like to go somewhere with you.
and me im also mexican but not mixed.
i knew it is hard but is better for you.
it just depend on how old you are
she's not interested, or maybe you came on too strong.
don't do something u'll regret later!
sorry I dont know where to find him...
!And there are alot of other guys on this planet.
no, unless you feel you need to doubt that.
They don't do anything for me....
It's odd that someone so young is on here answering questions...
That will cost you 3 points per answer :)
y do it matter to u?
If you want drinks there, make it BYOB.
See...marriage is not fun and games.
mayb thier hubbys are not good enough....
Find out if hes cheating on you?
Have you two been hanging out with your parents?
A woman wants an honest guy.
19, almost 20...  how old are you?
its is wet and so cool and better if its forbiden
you can say it but whether you mean it or not is whats to be questioned...
he wouldn't think twice about NOT using a condom).
He broke up with you because of what someone else said!
first of all, are you sure that she really loves you?
sometimes yah...but you dont know if its real love
being good all the time is boring.
step 1: do it 5 times a day.
Perhaps a little Narcissistic, maybe, but probably not gay...you just like the sight of, well, yourself.
if he doesn't, kick his butt.
U are just jealous of those other people holding hands and making out because you can't get a guy!!!
MY GRANDMOTHER TELLS THIS STORY BETTER!
I see him once in a while and I made the right decision.
but forgot to bring some for me .
and why did they not tell you.
Unless the chick didn't care if I slept with other hoes.
the more you think about here the more you want here.
ask the girl to go to the dance.
find a girl that share the same intrest you do
and that he has a tiny wiener.
i'm sorry dude, but that's disgusting.
please leave her go on with your life.
I'VE HEARD OF FRIENDS THAT START GOING OUT AND FIND OUT THEY WERE EANT TO BE.
nope customer care took it off of the answers......bummer
it's a way 2 show u that she doesnt want 2 attract any other guys..
i don't know...if i were you, i'd ask her whether or not she likes you
Just be yourself and like the first guy said, a little money wont hurt anyone.
do u think she should ask d guy??
yes, the butt is an important physical feature on a guy that makes him attractive.
first kiss send my head spining for a few second.
If he says sure hye's not cheating.
Yes, so that I can do the same to her!
nope.unless they actually SAID we're back on, then nope.
dont make it look like you are attacking her weight she will just shut down and probably eat more.
thats wrong to the person that said women commit because of money.
any chance they'd like each other as well?
be yourself and if they dont like you for that they dont deserve you
YOUR DAUGHTER COMES FIRST IN ALL ASPECTS OF YOUR LIFE NO MATTER WHAT!
Then, he broke up with me after a few days!!!
a person is there when u are happy and when u are sad.
Do i walk away or stay around????
chear up..things will get better,,trust me..
May-b you become clingy after sex and it scares men away.
do NOT fall totally in love with him.
wow thats really sad...were do you live???
If you dont mind being her backup then okay.
i wish u da best do watz right even though it might hurt.
Some girls like to please their man so nobody has to.
U are making issues with him.
I think playing hard-to-get is your best bet!
and then again there are the homophpobics.
)I want respect and I want him to be nice.
anyone who 'doesn't get it' is brainwashed.
Stopped a kid from J walking / running accrost the street in the rain.
i think its alot  important .
U need to ask him DIRECTLY, if he wants to spend the rest of his life with u.
hey Be yourself if she dont like you then move on you are still young
um o let me think NOOOO.Get real this isnt a chat room
you will find the one that is for you.
Sex, u don't have to kiss, but u have to have sex.
GET RID OF CAT,STEAM CLEAN CARPET,FURNITURE,BED LINEN, SPRAY FOR TICKS&FLEAS
So look at those girls in the eyes and dont look away
He believes she would not cheat on him but just hates this and it drives him crazy.
it really depends on the situation...
hugging him was probably not the best solution, lol.
And stop letting your hubby be such a slacker!
yes u could fall in love after 4 months trust me it happen to me
(throws bananna at the screen and scratches head)..lol..Just kidin.
go and have ur breast treated and get them reduced and look sexy
if they love each other they will live together
(In the future: don't ask such stupid questions.)
My friend always teases for who I am!
move on - time is essence
just ask her if she ever have sex with anyone.
and she dont want other people to say anything.
once by mistake i had proposed her and she had accepted.
flirt and find out u never know to u try
congratulation to him and his bride, she is lucky :-)
Sounds like you not or you would be asking.
perhaps... but obviously not enough feeling for her to leave his wife.
All I know is i am with you there!
But I have my own opinions too :P
Sex is serious and dirty, Making love is fun.
Say a prayer to help u guide the best possibilities.. people come and go in ur life.
love is not rare dont worry and dont be the bit*ch ok?
if he says no he's cheating.
I was chatting wit a guy 2 hrs.
not just honest but honorable........... ie not a cheater or player
And he broke up with me.
tell him what you want, basicly, and lead him,
be honest with yourself and who you are.
and also the penis story as well.lol
ur not on jerry springer now
I know, it's easier said than done.
if u were to fall in love with a girl, would it be her: personality?
do u mean how are u?
The world is full of fucking guys ...
it's kind of weird for him probably.
If so why can't it make it?
Here's the answer that Life is great!
if he is doing it by choice that should be questioned and watched very closely
I miss him.... if anyone out there know this guy please email me.........
Ask her if she likes ya
DON'T GO TO YOURE BEST FRIENDS HOUSE WHEN HE'S AORUND, OR IF YOU DO MAKE SURE SHE'S AORUND TOO.
If you like him then of course you should continue, why wouldn't you?
Don't spend a lot of money.
and if you are not ready to becoming a mom, start prtecting yourself from getting pregnant...
start from the day of your wedding.
Forget the text stuff just call him at home.
One more thing- don't listen to these women.
yes you should, give him his walking papers.
Well, if she dumped you because you were just being you then.
phone sex is like an alternative from doing the real thing.
marry her and go to the court.
Just where ever you go give her the best of the best!
- If your a Woman:  Dress up & act ladylike.
Im pretty or so guys tell me.
they are not good to have around babies they have dieases.
i think u should just write him a note
mayhaps you should travel to the uk and find this out.
I'm married, trust me I know.
No, Because it complicates things a lot.
idk y r u askin me
Well, if he makes you happy and you make him happy, then go for what you know!!!
Babe, HE IS THE ONE WHO DOESN'T LOVE YOU!!
i think that ne younger then 14 or 15 is stupid.
that is just how you know it jut comes to you and thn youll know!
If not, stay with your sister!
First off, are you a guy, girl, or somewhere in between?
well just like me 2 years ago.
to show their apreciation and to make it known that they think of you and they care for u.
we are married but still she cant conceive...pls advise..
I would tell him straight up,he probably won't care anyway.
it's all the inside that matters
Perhaps she doesn't brag about him to her friends the way she used to.
Okay, so he likes to flirt and he's good looking.
you like him, but you call him a creepy guy?
who knows , and let the people alone
plz tell me  the possiability to be pregnant in this satuation
There's hot and awesome guys that weigh over 250!
Take a hint, she doesn't want you.
A MAN CAN WORK FROM SUN TO SUN, BUT A WOMENS JOB IS NEVER DONE!
Many men are, but all men are not.
You're a threat alright, you just don't know it yet.
i would have to agree with 16
Of course.I would go.I do not have to be a muslim to attend such a wedding!
oh God, try talking to him first.
Please, send me some more info if you need help ;-)
Sorry if I'm no help but we can talk about it if you want.
yes you can fall in love after 4 mönths , it could be .
tell your friend to tell him that you like him.
Since women feel they are mature for their age, why not?
well u cant take the baby back!
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL THING TO STILL HAVE YOUR INNOCENCE DON'T EVER FEEL BAD ABOUT THAT.
he needs an incentive (although YOU should be the incentive, but some men are jerks like that).
Another girl likes the guy that I do, and I feel like I don't stand a chance.
Just like she did to you.
Everything, a woman wants everything from a man!!!
I'm in Junior High and he is in highschool but he is a junior!
Or, you could always ask him.
a real man would not have to bribe you to kill your child.
and u just wanna be urself.
when you're both naked and in bed together
But it has to be up to you.
most of tha time i think about it and say well is it REALY my choice !
WHAT'S THE OPPOSITE OF ABOVE ME?
How about all the women that cheat.
Wow, alot of my friends' girlfriends ask me this same question.
But I agree that the guy you are asking about was just a dog!
I know it sucks now but you'll get over him.
whatever you do, just make sure you are not caught up in their fights.
Wow, what an ego you have.
Are you kidding me right now?
if u are in luv u will never feel boared....thats TRUE LUV my frind.
I don't want her to die.
just be careful when you do it!
now, would i put myself in danger for a friend or stranger...?
If i got that same kiss today i'd be very dissapointed.
and neither of us could think of anything better to do!
i want work to be over with today and forever!
flirt with him/her and tell her you ove her/him
otherwise its just something else that may lead to love you never know
do this either before he leaves or when you first see him.
We'd go for walks, & she'd whine.
no,becuase he doesn't really know her if he met her on the internet.
either he loves you or he doesn't...
He's already got a girlfriend it sounds like.
no its not boring to fall love.
simply because u only put 90% of ur effort.
Instinctly, I'm going to say yes.
A nice yard wedding worked for me.
I dont think i have a chicken butt.
then most likely you are stuck in the friend zone if that anymore... sorry.
wait so he doesnt have a reason to hate you
But smart peeps aren't a lil too smart.
Hell, the other Saturday morning, I had to pretend to be a shemale like 6 times!
I don't know, I think it is mixed.
never mind, I tried it doesn't work.
Because if you go down that road and bail on him later, that would truly suck!
if you aer under 18 and stell in school you do not want to have sex.
or shell break it off to make a move.
give her one in front of everybody and see what she does
he is getting married to a women right?
maybe one day they will be conviced.
Know anyone who can make a cake...there you go!
So should I tell my man that I don't like being around him?
why did you leave home the first time?
no,just leave him like a dog and he'll know how good you are!!
I don't like seeing her ribs though, sorry supermodels.
do not know, except that i am not on the list.
cause most guys are laing dogs
Women can be friends, but men can't....................
when she not asking you for any, any more!
At least that way I'd get into her.
Or like what you did for class....?
its exciting, especially when you have the butterflies in your stomach!
2 months if you want to go in the poor house.
That said, just because everyone is dating and you aren't doesn't mean that there is anything wrong with you.
LOL is short for LAUGHING OUT LOUD.
the more that you keep giving him the more he is gonna take.
?i think infatuation is only for months...
depend on the girl if she likes your buutt she will take care of it
If I wanted it, I wouldnt only want it once.
different men like different things...i know guys that like big girls (I also know some that don't).
Make it look like u want her like something else.
it is all about that dollar!
I`m sure he will be happy.
i mean insider pain, man are not strong they are tough.
Only if she's hotter than me.
i wanna help but i'm too lazy to read it
Don't try to ignore or play cool.
it hurts extremaly bad and it is better to wait untill u are marryed and do that
I'm 25....are you serious about your age????????
you are not her type and i believe she is not also your type.
Don't let him use you ...and by that I mean - Think about your self.
are they sick or wonderful.plz elaborate and answer me
because the boys get gelles that you like hin not me
If u really like her it shouldnt matter at all.
The ones just out of the blue are TRUELY given FROM the heart!!
there is this girl at my school and shes really nice.
If you know any, please recommend me,  Thanks
no offense to any good men out there
My mom's boyfriend and I always argue.
were not getting any younger, that is the adveture in life.
I've been hanging out with this really hott guy and we are getting closer and closer every day.
STAND ON A CHAIR OR WALK ON STILTS!
if u like sports play vball or bball or whatever!
of his life, and he would never cheat on me.
im sorry if i got the point wrong.
Or if you're too shy, get involved in things she likes, even if you hate it.
she's realised what shes thrown away, and can see how happy you are.
start commenting him on his looks!
The dress, and brides maids dresses might take you a month alone LOL
maybe the same way you told us!
you daughter is acting stupid and you should tell her so,  then shut up.
He didn't think about u at all.
No they will not go to heaven.
all depends on so many factors, such as mood...
I'm a boy, wanna go out with me?
Good luck and I hope he catches on and asks you out!
Let things go as they are going.
you need to sign another one every day with each other.
and the only reason i did that is because i didnt want to feel lonely.
I have a friend who shops there for that reason!
(think about what that makes you look like to his friends?
Do a good deed every day!
your damb right you did the right thing!
haven't done that but i mean..  think i'd either start laughing or get way too distracted
I wouldn't want my wife to have a sexual affair.
you don't need all girls to like you--just one.
No matter what stand up for your self.
know a lot of girls here in the philippines that met someone online and got married.
if he is joking about liking you, then forget him!
We have 3 children under 5, so it's not like I can play with him for very long.
my guy has an awesome butt because he works out.
So looking at other women, flirting with other women isn't cool.
ask from ur sister she give sutiable answer to u
The same problem is with me
Not necessary but it helps a lot!!!
If your over him it shows.
i think you need to talk to yer cousin.
I think it would be cool.
Women are different, just like men are.
I know a lot of decent guys.
a girl that has a sluty mind set but isnt one u know
probably so couldn't stay away from eachother long!
it kinda depends though when you are older
you say ur sexy and stylish?
you are living in a fantasy
Lot thoughts coming while going to bed.
DOn't marry that girl at all, she is using you.
okay, most of the girls in your campus hate him.
People freaked out about that, but I'm glad I married him.
In my Daddy's world, my Mama was.
Dont EVER EVER fall for that garbage.
There are some great looking young 50 year old men; but why not look for younger men!!
THE GIRL YOU LIKE is going to be alone and she says that sucks.
THEN.....HE TRIED TO KILL HIMSELF AND MY STUPID BUTT WENT TO SEE HIM IN THE HOSPITAL.
hook/ kiss up with the guy in front of that girl.
1) If you date trash, you'll marry trash.
but this really depends on her.
A girl can be pretty no matter what size she is.
cos one way or another shes GONNA find out if we got to bed together!
then if he still wants to be friends only.
she a player all she wants is a boy toy
Then  you can do whatever you like
Sometimez even a smart gurl could go for a guy who isn't as smart as her.
You can't do what you are asking.
Because most of guys are nothing but lying cheating dogs!!!!!!
do you chat in yahoo chat rooms?
be yourself, be confident, and be honest... if it's not meant to be then so be it
that's the best way to find out.
and i say this in the friendliest way that i can.
Falling in love (really in love) is just magical... until reality hits you in the head :-)
There no better way than tell him frankly, but tendly, sweetly ...
30 is pretty young to be gaining a lot of weight.
I'm male, so it must be sex...
he not into toys or anything freaky.
When he starts seeing someone else
So what should I do for her!!
Hi proud2blatina29, It's not just for lovers.
When your really in love u would do anything and everything 4 that person!
well it depends on if you have feelings for her still.
DONT PRETEND TO ACT LIKE SOMETHING ELSE!
nobody will give you a positive responce
Just put it out there casually.
love is caring for someone, or something that you would not forget.
A song that's stuck in my head.
Let him know how u truly feel and if he still can't find the time just blow him off.
but its really hard to avoid!
Turn ons: Hairy chest and chin.
if i didnt have kids i would die for the one i love.
He's such a sweet heart but I tell ya, I've gotta question his thinking skills sometimes..lol.
when u'll dive in her mind u'll know everything.
maybe, 90% she does and 10% she doesnt.
Notiing wrong with this, does he join in also, i'd say if it's 3 together thats cool, otherewise no
what kind of girlfriend is she?..ur trying to fix the trust, how?
i know quitting the school team was a good decision.
or you really love that person, me?
I HOPE ALL WORKS WHETHER IT IS FINDING YOUR LOVED ONE OR FINDING A NEW LOVED ONE.
if u dont trust him then how can he loves u or u love him.
there is still hope for these young girls
yeah your just confused and don't know who you want right now
Sorry but my magic 8 Ball says NO
However, whenever I send him a message he just ignores me!!!
love is not scary-if it scary =IT NOT LOVE You just haven't met the MrRight yet so GOOD LUCK
NO i DON'T THINK THAT IT'S WEIRD OR GEEKY!!
Open your mouth and say something!
=~ 147x stronger than avg man.
if you love him so so much then please do
Get out!-(and then)-Get on with your lives!
dam thatz a real hard feelin.
And just re-met the first Man of my heart....we talk OPENLY and GUILT is the BIGGEST reason for gifts!
AS THEY SAY....THERE'S SOMEONE FOR EVERYONE!!!
GOOD LUCK!...I bet you get him!
I can't caz i m on the way to love.
what ever you decide.. quit giving in and having sex
he may be sensitive or just waiting on mrs. right!
my friend likes this guy and he said he would like to get to know her better.
And you don’t need special shoes !
What did he say 'oh hang on, I don't love you, I was mistaken.
I don't think so...  Behave yourself...
If they love you they will accept you no matter what!
u surely did the right thing!
walk up to her and ask,  I like you alot, Do you like me?
Why can´t you just do it?
But I guess you could always try it, is it worth it to you??
if killing himself is what it's going to take for him to get over this then so be it.
keep quiet why hurt his feelings
if u cant do that then maybe u can email him.
Iam humbly stating....I HAVE ALL THE ABOVE qualities...hahaha!!
tell him straight up it's better to hurt the person now than later
But it does not do anything with you.
he REALLY haz a BIG CRUSH on you!
she likes to dye her hair different colors
I think females do it too.
Do married woman still givee head?
I just had a vision... you'll get married as soon as you decide to do so!
Some guys are just like that.
god doesn't care about sexual procliviites, what a narrow way of thinking!
My friend old me this when I first saw that word
all of us can see it...why cant she?
If ya want to make love for more than 5 min at a time.. Don't have kids..
How about going up to her and asking her.
HOW CAN I HANDLE THIS SITUATION????
but u know how i overcame it???
TRY TO JUST ASK STRAIGHT FORWARD.
Hey guys, does this sound familiar to you?
try it you might like not being HORNY!
whatevr u r saing is very right.
tell her not to see any bad guys!!!
it's d inside that makes us girls happy.
you didnt say if your wife had children .
actualy like few hours ago i kinda got offered to spend the night at a girls place i know..!
till him that you love him
I hate wearing flats and I won't do it just to make a guy feel better.
you have to want to let go and move on or you won't be able to.
Act yourself; just keep your tongue in your mouth and knees together!
no but that would be funny because I am 6 foot 2in.
no matter how long it will take to let them go.
if he still doesnt, try to just be his friend.
does he care about things relates to your not?
Guys are hunters like dogs that like the hunt but the chase is really what they are after...so run...run...run
He just wants you to do this so he will feel comfortable messing around as well!
i wear glasses and i have had boyfriends.
women liking women is very common and some grow to like it more others let if fade over time.
I don't, but Homer Simpson is HOT!
I know I already said that.
Weeelllllllll......men think with their penis' and it gets bored.
you can't stop thinking about the person youre inn love with
Cause we only get blown 4 times a week!
Thanks for helping plan my wedding!
Yeah, because chicks love it when you're obtuse.
Point out where you want your man to put it.
See what gets you more heated up.
You didnot tell your age ,any way ask him to marry you first then think about kids
When she slacks off sleeping with you !
they r so beautiful and lovely
god is happy when 2 people love each other- regardless of their sex.
if she's fine w/her apperance, u shld support her.
unless I found out I didn't really want it.
if I knew who she was i could help.
so my suggestion to you is DONT GET SERIOUS ABOUT GETTING SERIOUS
he did it one time he do it again????????????
somebody is there for ur good and for ur bad moments.
What should I expect from my BF if I go??
Not even free lunch or fireworks.
if u dont u'll never have contact with him.
Really good looking men tend to be vain.
at the maximum 3to5 years older than you.
Both is nice...Just depending on what kinda Mood/or Day we are all having =)...
that is where i talk alot in yahoo chat for my state.
if you dont use it, you lose it
Dude, I dunno how you feel about that, but umm... Yuck.
Save your heartbreak, find a nice guy.
i did quit and joined a rec team and i had so much more fun.
If he is married you should not even be friends.
if she asks me and I don't know the answer.
and YES ive got lots of chanceS!
well, i feel you on this one, cuz i'm goin thru the same thing right now.
Just hang in there just enough so he doesn't think you're a bimbo.
if she wants to play mind games its time to move on to the next luv interest
are you hearing your self out?
I guess it depends.... have you ever committed a felony?
YEAH, BUT I HAVEN'T MET THE RIGHT PERSON WHICH I WOULD DIE FOR YET.
A girl should like you for who you are and nothing else!
so why shouldn't it be normal to do it on the phone!
you can but do u really mean it??!
Q3) B - I married a handsome mean guy and I divorced him.
obesty is the .2. killer in young people now.
So, he says you don't truly love him because you only called him twice??
just stand firm and tell him it's over.
pity doesn,t get you into these panties.
My boyfriend farts and belches like a government mule!
my friend told me that she really loves me.
I DON`T , LIFE IS SERIOUS, LIVE IT,YOU MIGHT ENJOY
Then go and hang out with them.
If you really love him ...DO IT !
Maybe not for anything else but for the thrill of it!!!
OUR FAMILY HATED THE FACT THAT IT WAS A INTERRAISAL RELASIONSIP MY FATHER AND HIS GRANDMOTHER LOST IT .
but before all that go to a flower shop an surprise her with flowers
don't try that , plz your life will be ended
just latch on to his di ck and you will instantly own him.
hope i was of some help.
no i don't care about my boyfriend's.
seducing a woman it's a great feeling, an achievment.
I personally dont really focus on a guys butt.
You dont...you just go on with life pretending you do
B/c then when one hurts u, o well u hav another to fall bac on.
Don't be afraid to tell him what you want!!!
Guys like a little (not alot) mystery in a girl.
without sex, there's one less evidence that two pple like each other.
If it's DURING sex she's NOT a virgin!
the problem is, i dont know if she likes me.
if he loves you, he'd care even it's just a petty things.
First of all, the guy didn't do it TO you.
and he can not notice that.........!!!!!!!!
Not really, do you still love him?
this is how my wife keeps my ATTENTION!!
Tell her to get a life
What can i do with her for fun after school?
the world is going to end just becuase you ask stupid questions like this one.
p.s...not criticizing or labelling you at all!
Don't text and ask, that's lame!!
my man loves me and i hope ur man loves u
it would look funny, but as long as u 2 luv each other.
maybe he just doesn't feel like talking.
if its against your religion, then sry, i dont know wut to tell you.
i dont know who you meet.
Don't make yourself sound so disgusting....and cheap...  Married men are off limits...
you just opened a can of worms!..lol.
some poeple just need a little push.
both of u should be understanding and be able to adjust.
you want a decent guy, i'm right here.
you will don't worry and i agree wit 12345 is something brining u down
this means she is interested in you.
9 out of 10 times, what you like seeing him in, isn't what he is comfortable in.
try thinking about another girl man.
boys are more but they hate to show it because they think its girly.
i need somebody that i can really care for
Hey, what are you saying, seems you know nothing about women.
Don't buy a women clothes unless she picks it out, you do not know what looks good on her.
love her, trust her, she will love u all the more for it.
Some say if they ask god for forgivness for being gay they will enter heaven...
admit it she doesnt wanna go out with u
if your girl loves you to bits, then your past shouldn't stand in your way.
Yeah guys are stronger physically, I'll give you that.
So how do I tell them?
Stop asking questions like 'How do I get girls to like me !!!!!!
well there may b some reason 4 such a kind of behaviour .
List as many as you please;)
IF  ALONG TIME YOU SHOULD NO THE ANSWER TO THAT .
BEEN married 3 time and have two sons!!!
who knows it's all up to you in the end.
But if u really want to know just ask her.
allways remember, there plenty more fish in the sea!
You should go out with a guy you like.
Asking him if he still finds you disirable?
I learned it in school and I'm good at problem solving.
He seems like a real jerk!
I LIKE THE FRST ONE.BUT I AM 14 SO CALL ME.5637174
It makes the phone all slimy and it smells funny.
SInce you mom kicked you out, she has no say anymore.
Even if he never admits it, dont allow it if you dont want it.
scary b'cuz risk ur feeling and ur heart and put it in the hands of someone else.
yes, and it can last forever if you work at it and grow with it.
if you are married, it is pleasure, pleasant and  you live for thst
if u want to cry while talking to her cry.
common, you want your cousin to love you.
if you get the real answer here my email teshtad@yahoo.com
Wouldn't she leave if she didn't love you?
But beware, if you wait too long, when you're ready most of girls will think it's wierd.
ENJOY LIFE CAUSE U LIVE ONLY ONCE.
Hasn't there ever been a girl who you liked alot but not liked enough to be with?
wwarnsley's answer is a good one.
i did, and we are still together 2 and a half years later
i think he got didtent because he feels bad.
be careful guy before u fall's into problem
Sometimes you have to show guys what you like!
I invested in a food business there... Its pretty good also...
there is a girl in my school who i sort of have a crush on.
you really come off as quite creepy...oh ya, STOP TEXTING HER!!
who is gwen stefani married to?
and walking will take some of this weight off.
we've been talkin 4 5 mnths.
lol.. what the heck are you waiting for...  go after him duh!
when a girl looks at you, she is testing you.
im a boy i know what you should do
If it's a chess cake, much better !!
Probably not, but again, I don't think I would want him to.
get him drunk and take off your clothes!
to you what can a woman do say or look like in order to be sexy
some can't live without it and others can.
right so go out there andd explore
it is not a bad thing.
IT HAS TO BE SOMETHING IN THE WATER!!
doesnt really matter bout his height, its bout how much u guys r in love
- If you are a Man:  Act like a real gentleman.
As far as the love thing i dont know.
it was about 10years ago but they still really love each other.
Sometimes it really sucks, but it'll be when its meant to be.
Boys want to become men and men want women.
which of course really pissed my off.
well first just huge him then look into his eyes and say i love you then say his name.
YOUR RIGHTS ARE TO DATE AND GO ON!
if you are 25 and he's 34, then thats not so bad.
no one knows this girls intentions if she really loves him she will wait.
ITS not even for you ..
yeah, me v6 and jj all go to his school.
well, just try to observe his action.
Men like younger women and I am not going for a woman my age.
Perhaps his wife doesn't seduce him the way she used to.
make her realise that she is too important for u and that u are the man of her dreams
try to smile before you look away so you don't make the girl think you think shes ugly :)
Im smart but I dont think Im smart enough for him.
that jus means u like to see ur self
I hate to say it, but its going to get worse once you're married.
But if not then he is sooooo not worth it....
post an ad in washington post
y r u 2 even married?
then they might come after you or it was just not ment to be.
You have become just another 'Booty Call'!!!
Looking at a masturbated woman is enjoyable, after she finish it i will directly have sex with her
I don't want to be annoying!
At least i would.Oh and its cost free!
?/ Why men are stronger ant tougher and more honest and resposible, and hardworking?
I go out of my way for a married man.
I see her terribly upset - what can we do?
But I don't have alot of money for fancy clothes, flowers,lots of food, & all the other wedding stuff.
I speak idiot, gruntinees and jabberwocky..maybe I can help PM me
whats so hard to understand?...the guy just wanted to get into your pants
Hey doesnt everyone like theirself or @ least what they look like??
Not accusingly, but just a nice conversation?
I THINK ITS A GOOD THING.... TO TRY THE MILK BEFORE YOU BUY THE COW .....
He tried to love someone romantically (me) but he just can't!
Want to come see my HARD DRIVE?
why would he go to jail?
let your family know that person makes you happy.
you are still a kid wait
you should make the first move
If I had met the woman of my dreams she would be everything I need.
it is ok to like him even though others do not.
why do men lie so much?
tell them you dont want to have sex
it is better to 'lets quit'
You shouldn't second guess what you guys do if both of you are cool with it.
to th extent of giving my soul away...but if its oneside love i wont do anythng!!!
if only i knew the answer...
play with his lil buddy while hes playing
Admittly we are simple creature while some men and women are just creeps.
there is no way to know
yes you can but it might not be love ,probably a strong emotion
I had ONE date with this guy who seemed so nice on the phone.
a 23 year old guy tht never had intercourse with any girl!
tell her you been there and he gave you crabs
do it for your country man!
Have them take a Lie Detector Test - a good one.
pls help me out in this it is a problem to me
they are a big part of your life too...
When he screams Where's my razor?
go upto him n speak out yr doubts
sure as long as you like him.
I still know a girl who's looking for Mr.
either way it's going to be painful.
don't be dumb and stupid, be average in intelligence.
rent everything and have one of your family members take pictures and recordings.
Because trust me: later in life you will regret it!
But i think 15 16 is a pretty good age.
or im just scared or shy!
Think of the &$%# he would get if he was dating a girl in Jr. High.
It might be hard, but try to act like you don't want it.
Love isn't bad...you should try it...
Don't just hand it to her.
no, so long as you're both adults.
Ask for her phone number... if she does not give it - then SHE DOES NOT LIKE YOU.
tell him that you love him&#92;her in any way.
If he doesn't answer directly, or does the smoke and mirrors thing.... U know what u need to do.
WELL ALL DEPENDS ON HOW LONG YOU BEEN WITH HER .
If she blows you off, forget it.
Well, if he only kind of likes her then he shouldn't get too mad.
You guys need a marriage counsellor or a bigger bed.
hang-outs clubs, groups....good luck and have fun.
Spend LOTS of time with your girlfriends - hang out  -have fun - let yourself be around other guys.
did you catch him or did he volunteer the info.
go out with your mates and have a great time!
But oops.. Now I really love my wife very much.
... Oh yeah, a great sense of humor, good-natured and self-confidence.
Holy Grail my friend, Wish I knew.
is having sex with your boyfriend something normal?
but i've learned that if a guy really likes you, he'll show it.
Ok been there done that sweetie.
i have too much to live for.
where do i go for help?
I THINK YOU SHOULD TELL HIM THAT YOU HAVE TO RESPECT YOUR BEST FRIEND AND HE SHOULD RESPECT YOU.
take him to s good bar were you can play darts and pool
happy u r. mature and attractive enough.
No contact whatsoever just a simple crush or do i have to get over it.
Either that or just flirt a little bit.
of course cause i wouldn't be able to live with her death
Dont hurt her... good luck  just remember there are lots of men out there.
depends on choice, but i like dog style too much..ok
what happens if the relationship does'nt work out?
You two should be boinking like rabbits.
nah..you girls are just too paranoid in everything
maybe d love wasnt really that much when u got married.. u just thought it was!
then you can do these things together!
Give me your input because I HATE VALENTINE'S DAY.
just be who you are and enjoy whatever it is you like.
no only if you want your friend to watch too
we have phone sex everyday, never get tired of it.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  but it can make it alot worse!!
treat him just like you would a good friend you have not seen in a long time.
If you are really her friend you won't even consider it!!
I almost at the point where i no longer even care to give it a shot.
nope but if your in love sex is a totaly differant experiance.
losers dont usualy like other losers.
yea i used to do it all the time
That's a very good question....  Not one thing i could thing of...
if you guys dont have sex, then i dont see a problem.
would you like it if your future husband cheated on you?
Hey guy, I've seen you on a CD, havent I, and I like famous singers!
If he loves her why not?
Sweety, why can't you just ask her out?
Get ideas off of the knot website.
think about it in my opion dump this fellow?
other than that, there should be no reason why you shouldn't go out with him.
Kick his ass and get rid of him.
Do you really want to marry a guy in a trial for 2 attempted murders???
then you will no her if or when your feelings change.
just brief your story and hope i can help u in many ways.
if all he wanted was to make-out with u, he didnt really love u!
i know my ex did me the same way.
For the long tertm: yes For the short: no
yeah it depends on how long you've been chatting.
no, he should not get married to her at this time.
My girlfriend is crazy about this butt thing.
dont be so posesive, let him free, guys likes freedom
Heck no, I'm a guy, and I wouldn't care if she masturbated infront of me, I would enjoy it.
Maybe you are into the bad boys???
Men dont like women to tell them what they need to do.
Whana come sit in my cock pit!!
i personally think it's kinda weird.
she cant stop you from seeing your little man.
even on silent he can see the missed calls.
Run like hell and never look back.
if she's shy than probably she reaallyyy likes you.
And with protection u can start anytime.
Just keep going till you hit the next Level i.e Level 4
one was wolf the other a very large lab
Some men do and some men don't....
actually this sounds weird but try watching both kinds of porn One gay, one straight.
If the guy treats you great, who cares what his butt is like.
I praised my god for got her as my wife.
U can tell him anytime.He'll probably do that if he isn't gay
I didn't believe till I saw her eyes.
maybe shes playinhg hard to get or she really likes u n dousnt admit it.
Hey, Honey...do you wanna talk about what's going on?
and why do the girls there have facial hair?
I guess things can get lost but memories... well is little harder to  get rid of them ;)
and definitely consider asking ur older sis again.
Surprise her with it and give her little gifts during the dinner!
Yeah right he knows he dont know me!
In my sweetie's eyes, I am.
if you both can wait, then it's worth it.
i used to be like that.
You'll never get any peace if you keep him around
forget all about him, don't go out of your way to make him think your over him
But I hope not, I have enough trouble with gays making googley eyes at me on earth.
It means she probably wouldn't have left you if you would have chilled out back then.
mabie you married the wrong guy ?
well, yes, but I hope I never have to.
Woman want it more and the men are saying no.
You don't want to spend the rest of your life wondering what if.
you can go somewhere else with your bf when you both have time.
SEX IS ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS A MAN CAN DO IN LIFE AND IT FEELS GREATTTT
because if u knew that, u might try to do or be that.
what the hell should i do?
If ya are waiting for Prince Charming to come and find you.. 2 words.. OLD MAID!
Keep your boyfriend, but find a LOVER!
Lovin up with some skeezer tramp.
how can I go and talk to her??
get rid of anything having to do with him
what was this all about, i'm curious now?
You know what you want, don't you?
It's SIMPLE.... just don't do it.
nope are u a guy or girl?
Most people don’t even get there.
r u and ur spouse still together?
what can we do...put a ad in the local paper...
JUST LOOK AROUND U.  I BELEIVE THIS IS HELL AND HEAVEN.
tell him to leave her alone.he should be looking for another one.
if we want money you just want sex not love.
she's not even in college yet, and u want 2 have a serious relationship?
HOW COOL AND we should THANK HIM EACH DAY FOR WONDERFUL FEELINGS OF SEX!
Okay, if you want it to be special, DON'T buy her etible panties!
LAST recourse, CLING and PRAY TO JEHOVAH GOD and to HIS SON JESUS CHRIST!
do they really love you or do they just say it.
i think not, unless your trying to commit suicide?
GREAT KISSER BUT GREAT SEX IS NICE TOO:)
MY FRIEND HAD NO IDEA HOW SHE RUINED ME.
how else could you be but straight forward?
Listen, if he loved you to begin with he wouldn't of wanted you to have an abortion!
if you truly feel in love, you should get on a plane and elope with them.
right then is when you need to relax for a while.
i ve never been with a guy who doesnt have a great body.
What a tangled web you've woven...
Why dont you ask him out?
I know I personally would WANT my daughter to be a lesbian because I know what guys are like.
then it wont be breaking the law because youll be holding her for ransom instead of dating her
ask a question ya might get an anwser intead of just points
some people are very ignorant thats all just be there for them
you ask her and she should honestly tell you.
But according to me its unfair!
If someone used sex toys and it wasn't good then it didn't help them.
Try saying  What if we got married one day?
I guess you are queer, Just be your self, You can't please an Human Being.
What is your problem your aready maried!
You can't train 'em to put the toilet seat down and you SURE can't change their minds!
wow...well ive been in the situation.
I know this is a lot to remember, but trust me!
PLEASE HELP:  WHAT DO I DO??
a woman married a dolphin, so why not
turn offs: bad breath, body odor and farting and belching a lot.
if you have back pain, get a breast reduction.
Not all married men cheat, I didn't when I was married, My wife was my life.
Like peach fuzz is ok, but not hairy like a mens chest can get.
your suppossed to sign that thing????
she's playing with you is what my neighbor says is going on.
You have a long history with him and you know the real him.
Or you can say Hey wanna sexy want to go for a soda, just kidding.
I guess I don't really get too concerned about it.
he's an inspiration yet i don't want to get involved but i am dying to be close enough.help!
p.s.- the muslim question is funny.
im sure thats what a guy would want.
I have same idea with westling
its not your fault they are very weak minded .
Why did you like doing it?
if they do, then ask him to hang out.
yeah, the woman I love is worth worth death, if she died I wouldn't want to be alive anyway.
Hun if ya want to be Girlfriend Materal Be yourself.
r u an alien dont knoe the importance of sex?
ask him out, guys dig that
I want to so bad but I don't just want to do it.
if so, how often, and why or why not?
get a younger guy for god's sake.
You see her looks and thats it!
Hang in there and keep your head up....you are a great person!
and when your hot like you are its worth it
yes of course with a poem written on the cake
i mean, because what's a relationship if you can't talk to each other about stuff like that?
And it cant be all hairy.
you will know....you will feel it!!!
I wouldn't doubt him, just maybe.
Like ours go to their breasts.
what is wrong with you ?
Wow, sounds great except for the 6 months thing, give it some time dude!
:)  Seriously though, the best way is just to tell them.
just ask if you can't tell.
tell your parents u love them and move on.
god doesn't care, love is love.
boys just want sincere and caring females who can accomodate them in life and nothing else
because they feel like they are not needed by there husbands
always listen to your gut feeling.
Open it and ask her just like ya did here.
but i am unsure of that.
Think, what's her favorite resturaunt...cofee shop...vineard...etc.
none of the above,ask me about big boys or small boys,and i will tell you.lol
(I don't want to be mean) but it sounds like he may have some cheating issues.
Yeah I F****N hate this day too!!
